Techstars San Francisco: This.
Techstars San Francisco: This session is actually relatively new
Techstars San Francisco: to me to techstars. I haven't really done this once before. But we added a full session, after realizing after month one of techstars, and why, before the live presentations, there's like a few things to round out before it's time to introduce you to Bob, master, so you've all read his book?
Techstars San Francisco: I'm looking forward to him, either coming in person in San Francisco in the 3rd month, or we do a remote session. I told a few of you yesterday. His kids live in San Francisco, so my angle is to get him to come visit his family, and then also come, spend time with us. So I'm hopeful for that. But that being said, I, last night I
Techstars San Francisco: thought a lot about the presentations yesterday, and I thought it would make sense to offer up
Techstars San Francisco: an assessment of where I think everyone stands.
Techstars San Francisco: what jobs to be done. So I have kind of company, and I want to talk about where I think you're at and what I think you need to do. But before I do that. I figure like my goal now is to kind of like release you to the world
Techstars San Francisco: right? Like you've you've learned enough. You've trusted me enough. It's time to move into other important activities that you do so well at tech stuff.
Techstars San Francisco: So I want you to work on selling. I want you to work on product. And I want you to work on fundraising this customer discovery stuff, this mentorship, this feedback that you've been received that you've received.
Techstars San Francisco: It's time to trust you with it, and figure out what you want to do next with it.
Techstars San Francisco: So with that being said, I prepared 6 questions
Techstars San Francisco: that I think are the test as to whether you know jobs for your business.
Techstars San Francisco: And we're gonna answer those questions. Now.
Techstars San Francisco: we're gonna share them with each other.
Techstars San Francisco: There's no right answer objectively, but there's at least a signal as to whether you know what you're talking about or not, and based on that. I'll go into the stoplight breakdown. Red, yellow, green. Where is everyone as a business?
Techstars San Francisco: And then we'll just have a conversation about whatever remaining gaps there are, and our understanding or implementation of jobs to be done. But I want this to be basically my last session on this subject, because I have a lot of other things that I want to work on with you, namely, product development.
Techstars San Francisco: So before I go into the 6 questions, anyone have any questions or comments
Techstars San Francisco: or feedback or thoughts on what you've learned so far for customer discovery.
Techstars San Francisco: Where did it go?
Techstars San Francisco: Alright? Good. Yeah. Go ahead. So we have a decision maker, and you have like.
Techstars San Francisco: is it more like, do you need to have both in order for it to be a fully understood problem? Or
Techstars San Francisco: or if you just have user information.
Techstars San Francisco: That's a great question. So it's interesting. Because, like, if you look at all the jobs literature available like books, I have, you read stuff when you look at online questions you ask, I don't think it's a clear answer to your question, because
Techstars San Francisco: this framework is historically not been applied to the context that we're in.
Techstars San Francisco: So my answer is probably different than I don't know what someone else would say. But my answer is
Techstars San Francisco: the only purpose that all of this work that you put into doing this starts is to give you enough confidence, the action to move forward.
Techstars San Francisco: You will continuously for the rest of your life.
Techstars San Francisco: People questions to better understand their motivations if you're trying to be in service to them. Fundamentally, this is just true. I gave you a bunch of really fancy language and terminology to apply to it, because I learned it from other smart people that have success at the end of the day. Chris, it's all about. What if, like, what confidence do I now have to bet our time, money, resources, and energy on a direction that we're willing to like.
Techstars San Francisco: move forward with? And can we sell this to an investor as a vision? Can we sell this to ourselves and my tech co-founder to build out and commit to building over the next 2 weeks. So so long as it gives you that confidence, that success to me
Techstars San Francisco: later on, when you are at greater scale. You have customers. You have other people that you can get data from. You have more objective ways to test when you figure the job out, because your levers for growth become obvious and predictable or not, I sell more or I don't. My team has alignment and do what I ask them to do, or they fail to meet their commitments and deliverables because we don't have alignment as a team, and darkness is spreading.
Techstars San Francisco: so does that make sense? Yeah, that does make sense
Techstars San Francisco: any other open questions. I don't. I don't wanna leave. This is the session like it's less structure. I have a bunch of slides, but they're not important. What's important is like, I don't want you to walk away from this
Techstars San Francisco: saying you don't understand
Techstars San Francisco: like I want you to feel like, you know, jobs like this is like me, like sending you off into the world.
Techstars San Francisco: I think a lot of what I'm taking away from jobs is
Techstars San Francisco: really, you need to go through the motions of understanding what the what- what happened on the sequence over time. Sorry. One second. Sorry guys just can't focus on what I'm saying. But
Techstars San Francisco: so- so understand what I take away from jobs to be done is we need to have a really really good understanding of what's in the mind of the person who is making the purchase, or
Techstars San Francisco: think the the
Techstars San Francisco: yeah yeah of- of the person who is making the purchase. And really at the time before, and at the time when they make the purchase
Techstars San Francisco: a bit, struggling with the whole, with the various kind of frames of reference we are using to describe that or to capture that. So that's kind of the
Techstars San Francisco: almost the team of the of the discussion we had with that person. There's a little bit of a re enactment of what actually happened over time.
Techstars San Francisco: There's a little bit of kind of a categorization on these 4 quadrants like push and pull and anxiety, etcetera. There's a little bit of like, okay, there's there's like, what happens from a functional standpoint. What happens from an emotional standpoint, etc. So all these look like different frame of references to extract some insights. And and I I do. I do kind of.
Techstars San Francisco: I do find it kind of difficult to kind of get myself into one frame of reference. Then kind of explain things with that frame of reference, then get myself in the other frame of reference.
Techstars San Francisco: etc, etc. And so I'm kind of a
Techstars San Francisco: I again. I don't know if it's a comment. Maybe I'm just kind of not grasping how they all sit together. To me they are like different ways of attacking a very similar problem, so that in the end we get to the gist of it. Correct? Okay, alright. So what I'm gonna do is I think the 6 questions that we're gonna answer as a group in a second
Techstars San Francisco: hopefully brings home what you're asking for. Okay? Because I that's the point. Like again, I can't emphasize this enough
Techstars San Francisco: investors don't care that, you know jobs to be done. They don't even want to hear it.
Techstars San Francisco: They want to see that you're like, you have a real business that is growing that's predictable and investable and exciting, and has the path.
Techstars San Francisco: So I want you all to like, know that you're free to use these frameworks tools, language, whatever. Internally I don't recommend, it becomes something that is a feature of your roadshow as an entrepreneur.
Techstars San Francisco: That's not the important part. It's a way to get up, so
Techstars San Francisco: I will probably stop talking about this in the same way, going forward because
Techstars San Francisco: I go hard so early, because I've heard feedback from you all, but also every other class I've ever worked with through techstars that I needed to get more serious about it soon.
Techstars San Francisco: every single time, even this time you all told me I should do it more aggressively than I ever had. I thought this was the most aggressive version of it I've ever done so let's put it to the test. What I want you all to do, though, is, don't cheat
Techstars San Francisco: so don't like use help like I want you off the dome because you need to have it in you. If you're gonna sit down with an investor, an employee that you want to, or a team member. You want to convince to join your team, a board member. You're gonna need to be able to answer these questions in a conversation over coffee.
Techstars San Francisco: Would a minor thing there. I don't think we didn't push as hard on the job to make. What's the missing thing is how to go do it like some of the numbers
Techstars San Francisco: like the those metrics of like, yeah, you need to do this much outreach. We actually took it really hard. And it was like awesome, because it really changed a lot of how we
Techstars San Francisco: but then we didn't know if we were doing it wrong. I have to out myself a little bit what I've been doing over the weekends. A few of you know, this is like I've been trying to productize the job process more because, like AI is letting me do all this like coding for free.
Techstars San Francisco: So I'm not done yet. I'm not quite there, so I don't wanna like take it too far. And like we have a job to do, let's make these companies successful. But maybe after the program, I might call some of you to help experiment with it, because based on the feedback you gave me, like, my instinct to respond is like, Okay, well, let me make this more objective for them.
Techstars San Francisco: Right? So there's like inputs and activities. I was even using the document that Chloe posted for Merck, where he's like making his marketing plan. And this promise for q. 1 and Q. 2. What if you did that instead? For here's how I'm gonna go get my recruits for my jobs to be done. Interviews. Here's my plan of putting a message, cold outreach, like all these things of what I need to do to actually get the right people to interview. So. But the implementation execution. You need a little bit more guidance, structure, support, accountability and tactics.
Techstars San Francisco: I got it.
Techstars San Francisco: Andrew. One thing to add is also, you might have said this, it might have been on us for not doing it to really drill in like stop
Techstars San Francisco: do the Jvd. And then sell, whereas we try to do both in parallel, and it's kind of like the share just runs in, and you start shooting everything and then hits nothing. Everyone just staring at. So maybe drill that in even more.
Techstars San Francisco: Yes.
Techstars San Francisco: you guys gotta help me figure it out, because every time I think I'm overdoing it. And then every time I find out from you all that I underdid it somehow
Techstars San Francisco: I'll be good. I'll figure this out. This is a great problem. Okay? You already answered these 6 questions. You have something to write down on, or type on, or whatever. But you're gonna share them after live. You're gonna have a conversation about.
Techstars San Francisco: This is your test. This is like, do I know my jobs to be done for my company?
Techstars San Francisco: Alright?
Techstars San Francisco: Question number one.
Techstars San Francisco: What are your customers? Competitive sets for your product.
Techstars San Francisco: Write these down and off the go.
Techstars San Francisco: and you can do them independently from your co-founder if they're in the room.
Techstars San Francisco: So Milky Way Snickers snickers was Ripple
Techstars San Francisco: Mcdonald's like Big Macs energy Bar, Milky Way glass of red wine, Deacon job ice cream.
Techstars San Francisco: I don't really understand any questions. So that's right. Here
Techstars San Francisco: customers competitive set for our product. Yes, like, understand what our customer competitive set is, or does it mean in relation to our product? Yes. So what else is competing with what they would be hiring for.
Techstars San Francisco: What else would they hide?
Techstars San Francisco: Got it?
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, we're running out of time. We're gonna go fast. Okay, alright!
Techstars San Francisco: Who's got it?
Techstars San Francisco: Let's hear it.
Techstars San Francisco: These agencies, and they would. They tend to use mostly their own network and searches.
Techstars San Francisco: And when you say agencies, that's a very broad term.
Techstars San Francisco: So what do you mean by agencies? Get it as hyper specific as you can do
Techstars San Francisco: mid size anything from like 50 to 200 employees.
Techstars San Francisco: Advertising agencies, production on that are also independently of a small part of the big moves that have done.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay? And my last question for you is, is it always an agency? Anything else?
Techstars San Francisco: Yes, there's also brands, also brands that could be part of bigger holding groups, especially Dtc brands. But
Techstars San Francisco: that need and decide to focus more on the agencies that they needed. Big. Okay?
Techstars San Francisco: Good.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah. So for me, it would be either using their existing report
Techstars San Francisco: or throughout the entire full time like person, great, awkward.
Techstars San Francisco: especially what we're doing now. Mainly they'll hire a contractor on upwork or something to manually sprint for them.
Techstars San Francisco: Put together instead.
Techstars San Francisco: There, there's other competitive sets like those user makes a perplexity. And, Chatgp, usually those won't go completely. Are we talking about your future customer or your current
Techstars San Francisco: even our current one. Which 1? 0, both. You had a huge breakup yesterday. Yeah, yeah. Like, how does this? I'm trying to figure out what you're answering it for. So yeah, so they will. They will still start with perplexity and chat. Gp
Techstars San Francisco: right eventually. What I'm saying is that that pathway? They'll start there. But like this is not getting it done, and they'll usually hire outside
Techstars San Francisco: like a contractor. So most of the people that you want to sell to going forward are already using perplexity or chat. Yeah, often oftentimes they are. But it's not getting it done.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, got it. I just wanted to make sure like is, I want to believe that's true. My instincts tell me I want to make sure
Techstars San Francisco: they're paying. They're paying for pro
Techstars San Francisco: they'll try it. And then they're like, Oh, but Meg is making a really important point, which I think there's other hires happening leading up to that. Is that what you're saying so like for us to go to a web page and copy it and put it into a word, Doc, that
Techstars San Francisco: it's like there's a gathering of the information. Yeah, I was saying, they try it in these things, and they hire a contractor to go do that work. So okay, let's try it again. What's your answer for? What the competitive set is?
Techstars San Francisco: This is the 1st test, right? The jobs. I got 6 questions to test whether we know it. We're not passing it yet with what you said. So I want to pass it. So what's the set?
Techstars San Francisco: It's not just perplexity and chat. Gpt is the point.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, yeah. So the 1st one is like they pay people manually to go do this work.
Techstars San Francisco: So pay people manually and
Techstars San Francisco: and like AI, AI, tools existing AI tools existing AI tools are just in Chat Gpt, anything else.
Techstars San Francisco: So basically, the crispy version of this is this, this, that's the competitive sets that we know
Techstars San Francisco: right that, like super crystal super clear. No hesitation. You have, you know it like the back of your hand.
Techstars San Francisco: Andrew, did you have anything you wanted to add, or did you write down anything different?
Techstars San Francisco: doing nothing, inviting it?
Techstars San Francisco: Yes, I like that, too. You're competing with that. If that's within the group of people that you want to convert to become users.
Techstars San Francisco: Good afternoon.
Techstars San Francisco: It's all part like, basically, I'm greedy. Okay, I want to know all the possible people that you could turn into customers. I want you to show that you understand all. Because as a greedy investor who's going to bet on a company, I need to understand that you want to quote, eat the world with your business.
Techstars San Francisco: Not a negative.
Techstars San Francisco: So for us 3 different categories, one is timekeeping, billing solutions that are AI automated, which is like the point. Once the second one is solutions a bunch of different tools on one, and then the final one is Microsoft word and excel, which they just do with their work.
Techstars San Francisco: point one solutions. They're really good at like, yeah, they're trying to change something at the timekeeping perspective, but they don't really have good invoicing and billing capabilities, and they don't allow for payments.
Techstars San Francisco: So that's a big one. So we're better for medium to bigger law firms, and less so, for, like the small shops, small medium sized businesses, Pcms are better small ones, but they have too many features that a lot of don't want. So there's just like this, like ability to only on certain that they want. Well, you don't have to elaborate on that. I have more questions to get into what you're explaining. But you're explaining the competitive sense. Those are the 3. That's clear.
Techstars San Francisco: That's good.
Techstars San Francisco: 4 areas.
Techstars San Francisco: 1st is local solution. So let's say, if we are trying to sell to Europeans or in the Middle East.
Techstars San Francisco: they are, they would prefer an open solution rather than
Techstars San Francisco: wait a second. So what where do we start
Techstars San Francisco: like? So for for your current, like customer that you want to target, you're trying to close a customer neck right now, right? What are they? What are you competing like? What is it? Is that the the European one or no?
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, I'll come to the point. Yeah, with the-, with the current one that we are in conversational bill. We are competing with the cheaper products that just.
Techstars San Francisco: you know, fulfill the basic regulatory requirements.
Techstars San Francisco: So essentially right. Now, what we get from one of the customers is that they don't. Actually, they're not looking for high accuracy or state of the art product. They're just looking for something that meets the basic benchmark of the regulation on the government. Okay, so sorry to interrupt again, I want to clarify my understanding of your situation with your own is that most of the people you want to be your customer aren't hiring anything right now
Techstars San Francisco: they? They are talking to somebody they're talking to them. But who? What have they hired?
Techstars San Francisco: What's the competitive set right now? What are they paying for right now to make progress here.
Techstars San Francisco: They're paying for I mean, they are willing to pay for this. I don't know about willing to pay. That's that we'll get to that. That's month. 2 of tech starts. We'll start that next week. So they're paying for. Let's say, you know, 1 1 more example in India, this guy. We spoke with them last year. They built the team in house. They created their own deepfake solution.
Techstars San Francisco: got it. So we made it. We rolled it ourselves.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, that's interesting. Okay, that's legit, right? Exactly good. That's good. So like, one example is where they're doing it themselves
Techstars San Francisco: right? And there's a problem there, right? With resources focus. If they could, they would pay someone else to do it. That kind of thing. Okay, is there another example like that? Yeah, what else? Number one? Number 2 is they are. There are some other competitors that are like more well known, big big cyber security folks that are creating.
Techstars San Francisco: This is one of the micro services, and they're reaching out to them because they're more well known. They have. All the compliance is done. They are in the market for for a long time. They're reaching out to them rather than us, because we are newbies. We don't have cyber security experience. So that's another setting alright. So the 2 you just said up there to me makes sense and signal to me confidence that you actually know you're talking
Techstars San Francisco: right. I'm sure there's more. But at least that's a great start. Cool. Thank you. Yeah. First.st So I'll start with 2 custom segments we have. So the other within buyers and realtors. They currently use other home inspectors in the area.
Techstars San Francisco: either through like.
Techstars San Francisco: So our computers. And there are other companies. And they get that through what's called an appraisal Management company intermediary that manages a pool.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, we're we're getting okay. And is there any other version of it that we're not talking about?
Techstars San Francisco: Are those the 2 main like, I'm thinking, like, is there any version of not consumption here? Is there any version of tolerating something without hiring anything to make progress. Is there a person that replaces a part of this process that we're not thinking about
Techstars San Francisco: was just thinking, you know, we are looking at home buyers directly. Right now they find a real time to get the job done.
Techstars San Francisco: and then, with what we do, we sort of come up as like a better and a much faster realtors too interesting. So has there been a use case so far where they've reconsidered their realtor because of you.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, so you're imagining that as a potential scenario. But we don't know. Okay? All right. Good. That was clear. Good. Anyone else.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah.
Techstars San Francisco: Website. And then report
Techstars San Francisco: super cool.
Techstars San Francisco: That was great. Yes.
Techstars San Francisco: sure. I don't think that's gonna be accurate, honestly based on where we are right now. But
Techstars San Francisco: what I wrote was career coaches, digital consultants.
Techstars San Francisco: What was the 1st one?
Techstars San Francisco: That's a competitor, software competitor, software
Techstars San Francisco: carrier coaches, just them doing their job and external consultants.
Techstars San Francisco: And why don't you know if that's gonna be the right answer
Techstars San Francisco: you started your response by with by casting down what you were going to say.
Techstars San Francisco: I mean, you've done one so like, yeah, but you've done one. But you also are in market. You also have customers, you you have some understanding and familiarity even with the limited jobs coming down stuff. We've done right?
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, that's okay. So I had the the same as A as Alex, I would add. So first, st by order of of kind of size, no preparation offer.
Techstars San Francisco: And then I had like.
Techstars San Francisco: which means that from the user for the student, it's going to be either a treat yourself, coach or no preparation that they're going to, or they are going to be prepared with their friends or with their family.
Techstars San Francisco: or they're going to use a 3rd party coach that they are going to pay for.
Techstars San Francisco: So that's kind of in the big category, like, likely about 50 50% of the schools don't have a particular preparation that our office, then there's another that's going to be like about 30% where they have, like a structured school employed slash provided coach slash course.
Techstars San Francisco: And it's going to break down into either and and do some preparation that's going to be 30%.
Techstars San Francisco: And then the alternative to be one of the alternative tools that is offered is going to be about 20% right? And I'm just, gonna I'm structuring like 50, 30 20.
Techstars San Francisco: I know these are wrong. I'm 100% sure that I have them right in the order of the parents. And then the question I, the big uncertainty I have is, is it like
Techstars San Francisco: so very similar to what Alex was saying? But a lot of no promotion? So I have an enhancement to this, like. The next question I ask is building on this very, very specifically, that some of you kind of already have answered. But I want to go ahead and share it with you.
Techstars San Francisco: Because this is the next phase. Right? So 1st is the competitive set. Next is, what did your customers hire? And why? Okay, that's what they fire. Correct, you got it. It's cool. Yeah, we just had to get the same language going
Techstars San Francisco: great. All right. This is the next question. So take a second to think about this again. Some of you started to answer this, but I cut you off.
Techstars San Francisco: But the notion here is not just a competitive set itself. It's your customers, if you have them. What they hired and fired a lot
Techstars San Francisco: is this, they both hired like something they fired so they have. They fired and hired to get like. That's a joint statement.
Techstars San Francisco: Is this hired and or fired? Or
Techstars San Francisco: well, they, if they're your customer, that means they hired something else. They fired it, and they switch to you.
Techstars San Francisco: If you don't have a customer, people you've interviewed and talked to, what did they hire and or fire. It may have just been a hire. We don't know right on.
Techstars San Francisco: Not much. That's a great question. I want to answer that more. I want to give you guys time to answer to to write this down. But the answer to your question is,
Techstars San Francisco: you can't believe everything that they say I don't know how much percentage wise. 2 days ago I spoke with this customer. They asked for pricing.
Techstars San Francisco: They asked for our Api for testing all of that, it's going good. And then I saw, like in one of my competitors website, their logo.
Techstars San Francisco: So I asked them, What's why these guys have put your logo on their website. What's going on?
Techstars San Francisco: So they said, You cheat on me. So they're like, nothing. They have not even discussed pricing with us. This company is going back up and they are shutting down.
Techstars San Francisco: And then I was like, these guys have 16 Logos on their website. How can they be shutting down because it costs nothing to put Logos on your website that is cheating. No, they're not paying anything. They don't even know the price. Here's the thing. One thing is, it's like
Techstars San Francisco: it is what it is people are gonna do what they're gonna do. We can't like.
Techstars San Francisco: You can't resist the truth. It is what it is. So now you have to respond and try your best to understand the why behind the behavior.
Techstars San Francisco: right? So I don't know the why behind that. But it sounds like that wasn't a good use of your time to engage with them, because they weren't likely to become your customer. In the 1st place. So what's the deal with this like logo thing and the other customer and going bankrupt?
Techstars San Francisco: That's what they told me.
Techstars San Francisco: Oh, so you're competing your competitors. What's putting the logo of your potential customer on yourself? Interesting? Okay.
Techstars San Francisco: The client did not know that they have competitors have put their logo.
Techstars San Francisco: They told me that they were unavailable. Yeah, people are weird. Sometimes they do stuff that doesn't always make sense, not always explainable. Maybe they had a conversation where they had what David Code said. They had happy years right? They heard something that wasn't true in a commitment.
Techstars San Francisco: They're not committed.
Techstars San Francisco: I don't know that that's 1 example he gave me. He gave it to me, but I think that one works after
Techstars San Francisco: that's not legal tender, but I get it like, you know, like, what's that indication? That's great. But it's not real until it's in the bank.
Techstars San Francisco: Alright, did you have an answer to this?
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, this is my answer, okay, I was, gonna okay. Good. Yeah. Just so I understand the question correct, is it? What has your customer higher than fire in the past? Or what has your customer hired?
Techstars San Francisco: If you have a customer? That means that they were coming from something else. They had done something before you that they had hired and they fired it.
Techstars San Francisco: and then they hired you. Not necessarily. But, yeah, okay.
Techstars San Francisco: make it fit into your contents. Okay, so maybe they hired this thing and they're switching into you as well on top of whatever they hired. Right? That's a totally reasonable adjustment to this.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, all right, everyone start. Yeah. Go ahead. So software 5, because not enough usage
Techstars San Francisco: carpet coaches did not fire them. But sometimes they didn't replace after retirement because of tight budgets.
Techstars San Francisco: External consultants. Sometimes they do not fire them, but when they fire them it's because it was too expensive
Techstars San Francisco: to make people come and pay them by the hour.
Techstars San Francisco: It's too expensive.
Techstars San Francisco: How well do you know how? Well, yeah, like, how confident are you that that's the reason.
Techstars San Francisco: because when I whenever I hear someone say they, if they did that because it's too expensive. I like my instincts go. There's more that they need to figure out about this. If that's all they can do is to explain.
Techstars San Francisco: I mean, that's the reason defense by a lot of the people that had this by a lot of other people. So you're saying that because that's what they told you. Yes, okay.
Techstars San Francisco: And that's in the context of like sales. Especially.
Techstars San Francisco: That's when you were talking about potential. Right now, solution is that we hire people to come, but they are private consultants, whatever, so they cost us, like
Techstars San Francisco: a bunch of money. Did they switch and hire something else? Did they hire you? That's right.
Techstars San Francisco: But they haven't. But they have like. I guess I'm trying to talk about your existing customer.
Techstars San Francisco: because, like the concept of someone having interest is different than someone taking the action.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah.
Techstars San Francisco: does that make sense the whole premise of jobs? And like answering this question isn't
Techstars San Francisco: what they're saying, it's what they did. So so one is interested. Some of the customers we have had that before and find them, but not because of us like it was in the past. They they did it, and then the 5, maybe 5 years ago.
Techstars San Francisco: Alright, I think there was a great answer in your explanation. I think your initial response about the price
Techstars San Francisco: left a lot to be desired, but as I dug in, you gave me, I think, the clarity. So you do have it. That was the right answer. I think you should leave, probably with a more
Techstars San Francisco: like like a more like precise initial response.
Techstars San Francisco: because when you, when you initially frame it as like, it's because of the price without contextualize it. The way you did, it's not actually inherently believable.
Techstars San Francisco: Yes, okay, who else?
Techstars San Francisco: Sorry I'm gonna answer. This was in the context of the agencies. That's right. It's not as useful for you to speak on the brand piece.
Techstars San Francisco: It is useful. Okay, I'm not saying it's not useful right now.
Techstars San Francisco: I'm confused. I think I'm answering this question with a focus on the on the agency side. That's where you're focused. Exactly. That's what I mean.
Techstars San Francisco: Gone like the producers, especially. They've always, which is who we sell to. They've gone through their own network because producers have an okay network, a lot of producers.
Techstars San Francisco: And it's reliable because they know them like, Oh, I know this person worked with them before they're fast or whatever, and so they knew they could deliver quickly, and they didn't mind negotiating on things like budgets. But the problem was that the network was often drying up really quickly. Or maybe the one person that knew
Techstars San Francisco: was this work. And then they had to go through the process I mentioned before, which is like
Techstars San Francisco: web search pretty much which was way too long.
Techstars San Francisco: And so they moved away from using their own network, pretty much using us, which now acts an extension of their network.
Techstars San Francisco: Got it?
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, that's clear.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, yeah. So
Techstars San Francisco: so I decided, I was gonna start breaking this down the 2 products right? So for the segment once. The very 1st thing we try to do is they using different materials? And then it doesn't work. That's when they want to hire content
Techstars San Francisco: for the accountants. Often they'll they'll ask that they go to do research, or they'll go to like Linkedin Navigator and do like try to do it themselves before
Techstars San Francisco: the last one Linkedin Sales Navigator.
Techstars San Francisco: There's an advanced version of it, like a lot of enterprises have.
Techstars San Francisco: and some of the account research. But it's not the same level that we?
Techstars San Francisco: And what's the ratio from the 1st to the second, you know, when you're when you're a strategic.
Techstars San Francisco: is it in sequence, or is it in tandem?
Techstars San Francisco: Okay?
Techstars San Francisco: Good.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay. The mental exercise I'm going through is having worked for mass venture partner, associate ventures and all these other like firms. I'm talking to founders talking about whether they know their customers or not, because venture like managing partners and ask me to do that kind of stuff. I'm trying to basically flip the switch of telling them slash you all. They know their customer. They don't
Techstars San Francisco: right. That's kind of what I'm doing. I'm like, yes, okay, got it? They do.
Techstars San Francisco: Chris.
Techstars San Francisco: sorry I wasn't on top of it. Let me just go. Sorry. I wasn't like an audition to your
Techstars San Francisco: yeah for us. It's for the small law firms. It's really they. They hop they go from Microsoft word and excel into a Cleo to get a timekeeping and billing and the reason why is that they need something that connects the dots. And it's it's easier than copy pasting a lot of information together. You're targeting Cleo users
Techstars San Francisco: people that are starting using got it? Okay, that that's the the clarity I'm looking for encore.
Techstars San Francisco: So it's a waterfall. They'll hire and fire a existing AI tools like perplexity pro agent won't get it done and they'll try no code web scraping software. They'll get incomplete data not unstructured, not structured correctly. They can't choose their sources sources. And then they'll finally hire an Ops team analyst. Okay? What were they doing before the AI tools
Techstars San Francisco: doing it themselves. They're they're manually basically hiring analysts which costs a lot of money, all right. So quick feedback every time I ask you anything about all of this? It always starts with AI, and then eventually we get to all the other things. But but my understanding is that there was a before AI
Techstars San Francisco: as well.
Techstars San Francisco: Right? I think it's important to contextualize your answers. Not just starting with the thing that's the top of your mind.
Techstars San Francisco: Does that make sense, unless you can prove to me that literally, every single potential customer of yours is just a Ops. Right now
Techstars San Francisco: that you're competing with
Techstars San Francisco: I don't. Is that true? I was trying to explain what they hired and fired like. What's that right? And you're exclusively looking for people that have used perplexity. Manus, chatgpt, struggle with it, default rolling back to what they did before with the Ops. Is that what you're saying?
Techstars San Francisco: Perfect?
Techstars San Francisco: I'm trying to figure out whether we're like, you know, with Chris, with legalese. We're, we know very narrowly. I had a good chat with them on the way to Bowling Alley about this. They're starting with the invoice tracking tool potentially. And the users of Cleo, they can hook in what they're gonna build to like. Have them like, basically take advantage of this little web strategy that they have for initial profit.
Techstars San Francisco: If I'm looking and talking to you to understand your business strategy, I want to make sure that. Okay, their initial focus is almost exclusively people that are struggling with chat. Gbt perplexity, madness, etc. Is that true? Okay, all right. That's what I want to make sure. All right. Got it. So I would start with
Techstars San Francisco: lead with opsy analysts, some of them level up and try these things, too, but like there's a whole tree of where that goes. Because I think my read on you, encore is like
Techstars San Francisco: you're so in what's happening right now. You can't help but start at. What's the hottest thing to talk about, and think about
Techstars San Francisco: more of what they, what people say and what you're hearing right? Right? I don't fault you, for I'm just letting you know, like you want to be careful not to sound like everybody else in Silicon Valley.
Techstars San Francisco: Yes, anyone else.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, fire the realtor. So because they have bad referrals
Techstars San Francisco: and referrals. Yeah, what do you mean so
Techstars San Francisco: properly? Or they don't feel like they negotiate the deal. Well, so they
Techstars San Francisco: that's so. So how many customers you all have again?
Techstars San Francisco: No, no, how many customers? Yeah, how many?
Techstars San Francisco: 54, 54. So out of the 54 who fits into which category.
Techstars San Francisco: So the realtors who did find out
Techstars San Francisco: they mentioned that they didn't like that previous. Yeah, the repeat one we do? Have
Techstars San Francisco: they like us? Because it's honestly availability?
Techstars San Francisco: Because what next day?
Techstars San Francisco: And what did they fire?
Techstars San Francisco: What do you mean? What they, the ones that are re-repeat
Techstars San Francisco: with you. Got it. So they went from one and then. Now they're with you, and they use a different home inspector. Got it. Okay? Good.
Techstars San Francisco: That's everyone. Right there you are. There's that smile.
Techstars San Francisco: Let's go.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Yeah. Hello, Neil! Can you hear me? Hello! Everyone!
Techstars San Francisco: Yes.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Okay, great. So I already miss you guys. So I had a wonderful time at the show. So just need to say that basically, I saw everyone I saw actually, for every meeting there were some like call to actions which was not really the case with my online meeting. So I would recommend, like, this trade shows to everyone, basically. So this would be more powerful compared to like online meetings.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: So if you allow me, I can also answer the 1st question as well. So if you, since you know, like production failures are the issues we are solving for part manufacturers. So.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: and the reasons for failure are oftentimes like not known, our customers are using, like some optimization tools, to to know material behavior during production, and also some simulation tools to predict material behavior during production, too. So these are 2 commonly used like tools that we see like people are using.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: and in terms of like hiring firing. I would say simulation tools are very expensive and require some kind of like expertise and experts to run it.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: and the results also not really like find, because there are many assumptions behind this simulation tools. So people are not so much interested in working with something unknown.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Recently I talked to a person who, like hired an AI driven quality control tool. And he was saying that the
Esmaeil Sadeghi: the tool actually required a lot of people basically for data labeling. So basically, like someone was supposed to be sitting for like behind the tool for weeks. And also the results. They were also not really sure about the results. If they, if can like, solve the issues for them like failure issues.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: And so they couldn't really use it anymore. And yeah, so this was like the reason for hiring and firing of the similar tools that we see in the market as well.
Techstars San Francisco: Great Esmel, can you hear me.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Yeah, I can hear you. Yes.
Techstars San Francisco: Alright. So gonna move on to the next one, because I think I heard you loud and clear. I don't know if we're recording this. But what I'll do is, if you don't mind if you wrote all of these down, I want to review all of your responses at some point, because if I don't get to you on the chat, then I wanna- I wanna go deeper after afterwards.
Techstars San Francisco: Here's the next question, guys, what makes your offering different.
Techstars San Francisco: So we're at 4 out of 6.
Techstars San Francisco: We're actually no. It's 3, 3 out of 6.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah.
Techstars San Francisco: right?
Techstars San Francisco: Ready.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah. So what makes all 3 different personalized interactive interviews with technical knowledge available on 24, 7
Techstars San Francisco: personalized interactive tailored interviews use technical knowledge available 24, 7.
Techstars San Francisco: So with all of that, it covers all the bases with, like the other offerings.
Techstars San Francisco: Again, personalized or interactive, which is a bunch of questions.
Techstars San Francisco: The difference between external consultants is that it's available 27,
Techstars San Francisco: and the difference between you did the same thing like when you 1st said it. I wasn't convinced, but when you clarified it made total sense. It's such an interesting way of explaining something. Because when I heard you, I was like, Okay, yeah, those are all things that anyone can say or can't any of the other ones say, claim these same things. But then you took each of the competitive set like examples, and you said, Why, these are differentiating factors that you offer, that they can't measure up to.
Techstars San Francisco: That was good.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah. Just say the second part next time. Otherwise we're good. Yeah, Antoine, do you have a question around like the feedback is more specific.
Techstars San Francisco: That's kind of something that we.
Techstars San Francisco: It's just
Techstars San Francisco: so for us. It's fast. So it's immediate in that the producers don't have to waste time going around asking. And in that respect it's predefined budgets. We've analyzed all our past productions and then average price for each asset again, meaning that our producers don't have to waste time negotiating budgets. See what can be not. It's just like a list.
Techstars San Francisco: There's a single point of contact which is exuding. It's a 1 time contract one time payment. They don't have to repeat it every single time, and it's reliable. It's just consistent.
Techstars San Francisco: I'm buying.
Techstars San Francisco: I'm buying that. Those are 4 very clear reasons with justifications that are in contrast to the existing competition. Anyone else.
Techstars San Francisco: Chris.
Techstars San Francisco: it's like a simple to generate customizable legal invoice tool, with no added bells and whistles. Hold on, wait! What you just said is so interesting compared to our conversation yesterday. Right? What did you tell me when we were walking in the bowling? We're going to create an invoice generator. Why are you creating an invoice generator?
Techstars San Francisco: Because want something to generate like they need to be able to get paid from their customers. They tell me if I have this wrong. You told me that I think, correct me if I'm wrong, that they have to manually take the data from one system and move it over into another one. And that's not good use of anyone's time and their time super valuable, right? And there's nothing doing that for them right now.
Techstars San Francisco: There's nothing available for them to use to do that? Well, they use Cleo. But it's like, still the manual process. How is it a manual process? So
Techstars San Francisco: cool.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, I guess it depends on how you define man- manual, but right?
Techstars San Francisco: so- so clearly. It- it- it has like it does all the timekeeping and the invoicing narratives. So that is like that's part of the automate, like not- not that is, that is helpful.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, maybe I'll unpack it this way. So
Techstars San Francisco: right now, these Microsoft word and excel. They copy and paste all the different things. So they're using. They're buying clear because of that, because they like that simplicity. But they don't like they have to buy, and the all the other cost that comes with it. So they're not buying, invoicing other stuff.
Techstars San Francisco: So we're focusing on giving them, giving them the timekeeping thing which is associated with the generator and the generator itself, so that they don't have to copy and paste that many things.
Techstars San Francisco: And we're gonna then
Techstars San Francisco: lay on top of on Cleo, because Cleo right now doesn't have like the automation of like
Techstars San Francisco: part of the invoice generate. It's it's all kind of pushed together in this way. So that's why we're laying on top of them. Because
Techstars San Francisco: right now Cleo doesn't have something where you generate the descriptions and cannot like as like a yeah. So like, they can't do that right now. They're still like manually entering their times. They're manually to the descriptions, like, all okay, I think I've scored you all properly. I got this so far based on the response I'm hearing. I think the stoplights that I'm going to show you guys is an online
Techstars San Francisco: that's good. I think in this for this particular question, we are a little bit early in the game.
Techstars San Francisco: like right now, I don't exactly know how we are different, because
Techstars San Francisco: that exact feedback we have not yet received from the past.
Techstars San Francisco: and we don't know how much where we stand in terms of comparison with other competitors. What happens when a client, a potential customer of yours, says, Well, why should I do you, as opposed to what else I can do.
Techstars San Francisco: What would you say?
Techstars San Francisco: So we say.
Techstars San Francisco: we don't know. I mean, we don't say that. Yeah. Right now, we don't know what the other competitors product exactly is we have not yet
Techstars San Francisco: heard anything about them, or let me ask it a different way. Why should any of them hire you.
Techstars San Francisco: because we know that the the results that we are delivering like the output accuracy, it's really good.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, it's state of the art.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, a state of the art compared to what? Taking conventional benchmarks.
Techstars San Francisco: So international benchmarks like you, basically, you know that you have stated the art like output when it comes to the level of sophistication of your security
Techstars San Francisco: like, Don't nego- negotiate against yourself. If you just gave me a really answer to your like to the question@firstst Your 1st answer is, I don't know. We don't know. The second was well, we have stated the art like top tier benchmarks for our security protocol. That's a much better answer.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, just give me that. Okay, good. I'm I'm trying to like, basically like, I'm trying to like
Techstars San Francisco: speed. Run your comprehension of Jtpd because you did the work already. The the secret here is that you guys already do know it, matter of practicing it and applying a problem.
Techstars San Francisco: a competitive product we sent them our product for testing. And they did it. And then they they came back to us to know the pricing like we have not had that conversation as of now. So now I assume that our product might be better than the competitors, because otherwise why would they come back towards the price.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, let me understand this before I weigh in on. Stop you here like, he just said. He's assuming that his product is better because they looked at the competitor. Now they're asking about pricing you all have any thoughts or feedback. Can we more- more like maybe you should actually challenge your competitor. See who has better product.
Techstars San Francisco: You really feel like your part's better than I just don't know.
Techstars San Francisco: Let me just see, I think you can also play it from like
Techstars San Francisco: as if get price out of something. They would get price of the equation like, Look or your people hire your product to something really important. So it's like you can cheat on it, or something like that. You're fighting for price. And okay, maybe. But then.
Techstars San Francisco: your sorry mate.
Techstars San Francisco: you. I think your offering shouldn't be like oh, we're better than cheap. We're better than the rest state of the Art Tech.
Techstars San Francisco: and all of these like trust points
Techstars San Francisco: like your whole premise will trust
Techstars San Francisco: so stress on that. And if it's a real pain they'll pay.
Techstars San Francisco: But you could sell into Kyc. And I don't.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay.
Techstars San Francisco: I was just gonna add that like, I wouldn't assume anything.
Techstars San Francisco: I wouldn't make any assumption about my name rather than theirs, because of that, I would just go. Okay, like
Techstars San Francisco: the most I can imagine here is that they might be cross, comparable.
Techstars San Francisco: right? They they wouldn't talk to a competitor and ask you about pricing. That means that the competitor asked me about like they probably have a price with the better. Now they want to feel you out. So there's a lot you can learn. This is really cool. It's a great anecdote. You can unpack so much from that. But I wouldn't make any assumptions about it.
Techstars San Francisco: That's my reaction.
Techstars San Francisco: Cool. Thank you. All right. Who else?
Techstars San Francisco: Okay.
Techstars San Francisco: what makes us different? We reduce 7h of manual web research, 15min, 7h of manual web research into 15min, 15min. So 7h, 15min.
Techstars San Francisco: How about that?
Techstars San Francisco: That's good.
Techstars San Francisco: That's it. I I don't know. I don't. I want to keep it simple. So I don't want to go further, and you're off to a great start, having the right code themselves, and we provide complete and live information
Techstars San Francisco: as opposed to as opposed to stale like chat answers that are from like a week ago, 2 weeks ago. It's in the structure you needed, but you can upload it directly to your database. You don't need to go, you know, manually, then copy it to excel sheet, and it comes from the sources that you choose.
Techstars San Francisco: which are, you know, you can put any public. This is so good. I feel like I'm taking a shower. This is great. I'm purified. So the reason I'm enjoying this so much is hearing you all talk about the differentiation is so many founders screw this up so early, and you have these really crappy slides when you're pitching to an investor of. Here's all of the features that we do. And here's what they don't do. Here's this matrix, and we're up here on the right, and everyone else is down here on the bottom left.
Techstars San Francisco: That's Bs. What's real is what you're telling me right now, you're saying this is what we offer compared to what is done. Now, that's inadequate, and we can do that very specifically. And there's usually 2, 3, or 4 things that you have to say about awesome anyone else
Techstars San Francisco: we have up to 2 weeks faster, 2 weeks faster than what signing process like 30 days.
Techstars San Francisco: Got it. So we'll take the home buying process down from 30 days to 14. We cut it in half by
Techstars San Francisco: sending data directly to the process. Those are 2 separate processes now.
Techstars San Francisco: Got it. So there's 2 separate processes that happen right now. We bring them together. Simplified. Cut the like turnaround time in half, and no one else can do that.
Techstars San Francisco: No one else is doing it. Okay, bye.
Techstars San Francisco: just because the appraisal portion of the product is brand new. The what appraisal portion of the product is brand. New
Techstars San Francisco: people are not still catching up to it.
Techstars San Francisco: What happens when they catch up?
Techstars San Francisco: It's no longer a differentiator for you.
Techstars San Francisco: We have, you know, other differentiate differentiators on the inspection side. So we provide.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, I'm gonna ask the more easy question, what's the most.
Techstars San Francisco: You know that question. You've heard that before. Right? What's your competitive mode? What is
Techstars San Francisco: so once our customers, our customers are in interest, we're building products and services to
Techstars San Francisco: make their lives easier. So this like short name.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay? So what I'm hearing is we don't have an explicit mode right now, except for speak right now, we're doing something that no one else is doing. Eventually they're gonna catch up and other people are gonna catch on. If this works. But right now we're gobbling up enough information in the market initial traction. That's gonna allow us to expand our offerings. Here's the other expansion offerings that we're gonna roll out. That's gonna create more of a differentiation and visibility with our model.
Techstars San Francisco: I just I I made that up because you have to fill in the details of what those things are, and I have to trust that you will do that. But just so, you know, be careful when you answer like that because for some of you, if you answer with your differentiation, that is fleeting.
Techstars San Francisco: If you don't give me more context of what you're going to do next that build them out. All my take away as a potential investor in you is, I'm going to go talk to the to the Gp. And say, yeah, like other people are, gonna catch up this real quick. A more well funded startup is going to easily eat their lunch or one of the bigger players.
Techstars San Francisco: I'm now filling in the gaps for you on your behalf against your like, your plan. Don't let me do that. Give me enough information so I can speak on what's next as opposed to what is a temporary differentiator for me? Right
Techstars San Francisco: with this.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay? Anyone else?
Techstars San Francisco: Is it customers to identify the right people at the right place.
Techstars San Francisco: because no salespeople at any car dealership have digital tools doing that right now we're doing anything.
Techstars San Francisco: So what differentiates you is your existence.
Techstars San Francisco: That's what I'm hearing.
Techstars San Francisco: So let's so let's say this. Let's say this. Let's say another player says,
Techstars San Francisco: I'm I'm starting in a company called June.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, in my mind, does exactly what Vivian's does, except it's green. It's not yellow. That's our theme for our brand.
Techstars San Francisco: What makes you different?
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, what makes your offering different if I'm if I clone, whatever it is, you roll out next week to the car dealerships.
Techstars San Francisco: I work very closely with. Train them in storage.
Techstars San Francisco: And
Techstars San Francisco: there's no one better in this business that getting people up to speed and engaged with this software tool than me. So yeah, they might be able to clone clone all of my features. But the implementation, engagement and usage of it is going to pay on comparison, because our like training hands on on site is second to them.
Techstars San Francisco: I don't know. I just made it up. But you gotta have something. You know what I'm saying.
Techstars San Francisco: So think about that. But I'll worry.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, anyone else.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, next one. We're almost done here. Well, actually, we have a smile on treat on the line.
Techstars San Francisco: Sorry I keep forgetting about my zoom people. I'm sorry.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Okay, so can I say a few words here.
Techstars San Francisco: What's that? Yes, you can say a few words.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Yes, of course. So, as I said, like manufacturing process, very complex, and reasons for production failures are unknown to some extent. So traceability and confidence to successfully make parts are big issues right now.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: So in our solution, everything is like traceable, and this success is guaranteed to some extent. And then, while we see also the others that they are only focusing only only a piece of like the problem that they are saying, like, for instance, like visualizing the defects during the process, that so we are having a more like holistic approach to solving the issues and guarantee the success for our customers.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, I wanna unpack this phrase that you use of guaranteed success. Can you explain what you mean by a guarantee.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Yes, yes. So one example here. I was talking to a person in trade show. He was showing that there is like a half a million product there, like a part of costing about like ha! Ha! Half a million! And he was saying that if you can like guarantee there's success here for me. I would buy your solution tomorrow. So he was saying that we we are using different solutions here, but each of them are like, of course not really like
Esmaeil Sadeghi: talking about like the the promise that they are making. So if there would be any solution that can ensure me like, and make some confidence that I can build this part without any failures. I would buy it tomorrow. So this is like a. So our solution is really in this regard. So we check everything during the process to ensure that the the results are based on the standards for the users.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay. If they said they would buy it tomorrow, I think you should sell it today, and just tell them if you don't deliver on your promise that you'll pay them their money back.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Yeah, actually, we shook hands actually, yesterday. So we'll see like so he, the guy says, like he would share some information for this the production line. And we will work together on solving the issues that they are having today.
Techstars San Francisco: A great start. I want more than a handshake, but I love that. I love the initiative. That's a great start. Well done.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Yeah.
Techstars San Francisco: Cool Trina, did you want to add anything.
Trina Das: Hi! Can you hear me?
Techstars San Francisco: Yes.
Trina Das: Okay, cool. So for us, we are a deep tech product. So we are building like specialized lab workflows, like, you know, tools that diagnostic labs can use to integrate their data with the AI models. Nobody is building specifically for diagnostic labs and thinking of their workflows.
Trina Das: So we are differentiating ourselves by making something that is specific to the diagnostic labs. That is, one and second thing is, we are. The second differentiation is that we are creating a whole community of medical annotators and reviewers.
Trina Das: and a set of radiologists who can do like, you know, a pre-reading and review and annotation work for them, so they can pretty much like completely outsource
Trina Das: the whole data related work without having to do it in house. So these are the 2 major differentiation that trends is bringing for the diagnostic labs. The other tools are super generic, built for, like everyone in the biomedical industry or computer vision models in general, doesn't really fit with the workflows of our diagnostic labs.
Techstars San Francisco: Got it. So the 1st one, I think, is similar to really, which is a fleeting response, because that can be someone else can do that, or at least unless you have a way to like further differentiate. The second one's really interesting community is about differentiator. So if you have a special group of people that are becoming your 3rd party annotators that actually, that actually is an interesting like angle to lean on as a differentiation.
Techstars San Francisco: So that's like
Techstars San Francisco: The the example I've always used in the past is, I can teach most of you how to build Twitter in a weekend, probably especially now, I could probably teach you in an afternoon with AI right? But the functionality of Twitter is repeatable easily. So what differentiates Twitter or X? Why is it network effect 100. So it's like, it's not even that special of a tool. And it wasn't even that special 2,004 when it was built, but because of the community, they were able to get on it early and like the like, that becomes your mode.
Techstars San Francisco: So that's that's great. That's a really great answer
Techstars San Francisco: cool. Alright, we got 3 left.
Techstars San Francisco: What struggle is your customer trying to solve?
Techstars San Francisco: Take a second, write it down. Think about it.
Techstars San Francisco: I was about to get you the last 2 questions.
Techstars San Francisco: All this stuff you have to do, that kind of stuff
Techstars San Francisco: to clarify? This is this job to be done? Or is this the challenge in getting
Techstars San Francisco: so the per? The purpose of this talk is to basically graduate from jobs to be done to the rest of your startup life.
Techstars San Francisco: So we don't even need to talk about jobs to be done here. This is, I'm literally asking you this question. Okay, imagine me in a in a meeting with you, and I'm like, what struggle is your customer trying to solve?
Techstars San Francisco: What's your answer to that? Just man to man
Techstars San Francisco: ready?
Techstars San Francisco: So I guess for us this depends on what segment of the product you're looking at like consolidation approach. Right?
Techstars San Francisco: Yes, it's just the way it is.
Techstars San Francisco: So, unless we do a couple of those and then get them to get them hooked on, you know.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, sorry to interrupt. I just want to clarify. This is a really, really valuable. So what I'm hearing is, even though they can reduce the turnaround time from 30 days to 14 days. Who cares? Is it even important for them to reduce that time. Right? So I love that. You're like almost explaining that like there may not actually be a struggle there. It's an opportunity to save time. But is that important to them? Are they willing to pay more for that
Techstars San Francisco: great question? I don't know the answer. You do.
Techstars San Francisco: So what's the second second one is, I guess if you look at home
Techstars San Francisco: from the buyers point of view, at least in Texas, right? If you haven't found anybody and all that stuff in the game.
Techstars San Francisco: and then in the real design, it's just another check box. You have a completing, quoting process.
Techstars San Francisco: But like.
Techstars San Francisco: after closing. Buyers are the ones who end up paying for, like all the repairs at one. This is the inspectory that makes sense.
Techstars San Francisco: So the struggle is like again, like the the hard part here in this conversation is that now I feel like I'm forced to read into what you're saying. To make sense. Their struggling moment is too late.
Techstars San Francisco: Their struggling moment happens after it's all said and done, and then they have issues with their home that their home inspector didn't identify. And now they're like, Oh, I'm screwed. But it's not like they can go back. And, you know, get a like, they don't get a refund.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay. So if I don't know, you all correct me if I'm wrong, I'm reacting to this. And in my head, I'm like, I'm nervous about this business based on what they said. I'm excited about because I invested so I believe. But in my role play right now I'm nervous. The reason I'm nervous is that the customer that you're saying you want to build something for doesn't know they have a problem until it's too late.
Techstars San Francisco: So how do we activate urgency in the process where we need it to matter. That's
Techstars San Francisco: that's when we can be at early, the process on the other room by you know what these guys
Techstars San Francisco: especially given the audible.
Techstars San Francisco: So let's try again, because I'm not sure we know of a struggling moment other than when it's well, after the fact.
Techstars San Francisco: What I'm trying to say is like, if we are the realtor, then we can drive home buying to get that. That's an opportunity. It's not a struggling moment.
Techstars San Francisco: and if we don't know the answer, that's okay. I just want to call out, like to have the the degree, the jobs to be done. Masterclass Degree, like we need to be able to answer these questions.
Techstars San Francisco: No.
Techstars San Francisco: right, that's all, and I'll help you get there like it. No, not everyone's there, but like I will do it.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, anyone else. Yeah, I'm cool.
Techstars San Francisco: Got this. Bro, you got it. You're doing good
Techstars San Francisco: foundationally doing high quality web. Research costs a lot of time and money and
Techstars San Francisco: doing manual web research is boring tedious, and uninteresting work, especially when it's on behalf of other people like not your own curiosity for your business.
Techstars San Francisco: Not particularly fun. Yeah. Boring, tedious, not fun.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah. Make them do it, anyway, but to do it well, it costs a lot of money, and it takes a lot of time. What's at stake?
Techstars San Francisco: Oh, yeah, you. In order to provide a good product to your end customers, they need to have high quality web data. Because if they don't, what happens, customers are gonna share.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay? So there's churn is happening right now, because there's meant to lower quality research being done. That's inadequate. That's what's going on. So it's so interesting. Again, you started with boring, tedious, uninteresting. That's great insight for someone who's trying to like tweak the nuances of a product experience
Techstars San Francisco: from a US. Standpoint
Techstars San Francisco: that by no means, I think, represents the greater struggling moment of what matters for the buyer
Techstars San Francisco: or or does it?
Techstars San Francisco: I don't know. Like, is it important? Because, like, culturally, if they don't have their team of researchers doing something in a pleasant way. They're not able to retain talent, and therefore they're not able to do the research. That's a bit of a stretch. But I could try to fill in the gaps with that assumption based on what you said.
Techstars San Francisco: The intelligence provided in the product isn't good enough for their customers. Yeah, get to the point. That's what I'm saying like that, the way you 1st answered. It is a great thing to talk about with your product team
Techstars San Francisco: like when you're talking to the product team. You're like, how do we make sure that this is a well engaged product that, like the users are really using? Well, let's refine these things to make sure that we answer all address all these issues. But that's by no means a business case.
Techstars San Francisco: You're like, Go. You can struggle with every single fight, yeah.
Techstars San Francisco: or for us is quite interesting, because there's quite a few superficial problems.
Techstars San Francisco: But they're not part of like
Techstars San Francisco: the bigger one, which is the changing
Techstars San Francisco: advertising landscape. So until a few years ago was always like big productions, big TV productions are super expensive, which is why big agencies are driving
Techstars San Francisco: all of a sudden content has become democratized. We require so much more of it.
Techstars San Francisco: and brands require a lot lighter production, so their budgets have shrunk significantly. And so big agencies have started to lay off loads of people because they can't afford stuff. All of a sudden
Techstars San Francisco: mid sized agencies are blooming is a bit more agile. But the problem is is they still need to keep up with this growing demand. And they're not gonna hire people.
Techstars San Francisco: So that struggle is the fact that they have a lot of influx of jobs when they come up with production requests.
Techstars San Francisco: So we just give them to keep up with this black production, the demands going up and supply is slightly going down, and then the the original, the supplies that remain are almost like at the brim of their capacity.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah. And that's because, like the budgets have shrunk. Really so because, like, we consume content on a much larger scale. And so brands are like.
Techstars San Francisco: why do I need to spend
Techstars San Francisco: 10 million for one video when I can spend 10 million for like 10 years worth of content, which is 1 million years
Techstars San Francisco: and produce enough content to feed our current habits where we consume content. You're making me nervous, though, so it's it's a very compelling answer. But there's 1 problem.
Techstars San Francisco: I don't like hearing that budgets are shrinking.
Techstars San Francisco: but it's it's a different approach, because it's not like budgets are shrinking for the productions themselves. The overall yearly budgets are increasing.
Techstars San Francisco: But now brands are not going to say I'm spending
Techstars San Francisco: a mill one production like I might spend that across the years. We get more assets.
Techstars San Francisco: Was that a trick? Did you trick me? No, you, said the other. That was a good answer, like how many I was like. Wait a second budget shrinking that sucks he goes. No, but the budget is actually increasing. It's just it's just shrinking through. But it's like, how many TV ads
Techstars San Francisco: have. Are you watching today? Right? Exactly. Exactly. They need more deliverables for the same stuff.
Techstars San Francisco: That's an a plus answer. It's like the proportional cost that it takes. I'll take it, I mean, assuming you're right. I'll have to look into it right my due diligence with my investment team and blah blah blah! But like all right, if he's right, shit all right.
Techstars San Francisco: Cool. I'm good. Good investor. Yeah.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay? So for our segments, product sales reps are struggling to articulate the value case and any materials, and the coaching to be confident and going after. And so the thing that they're looking for to solve that would be like highly qualified personalized sales materials to support the sales team with the sales materials to be confident and successful when prospecting the new market. They're struggling by not having those.
Techstars San Francisco: and then for the account planning. Sorry. Sorry to interrupt you, Meg. I apologize. I want to make before we jump to the second part. Let's unpack the 1st part for you.
Techstars San Francisco: Can you give me one layer deeper of what you mean by high quality sales, materials? Yes, so right now they're going after life sciences. They're going to need to speak their industry vernacular. They're going to need to use the right use cases. They're going to need to be able to use the right customer stories. Okay? And so if you are a sales rep that's been selling to technology. And now they reroute you to a software life sciences. You're not going to be like, I don't know this industry.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, can you tell me a story of what happens when they don't have the right sales materials. No, I mean a story, not a concept. Right? What you're describing is a scenario like in mass. And I want to know, like.
Techstars San Francisco: give me an example. Yeah. So I think I haven't actually created myself. I mean.
Techstars San Francisco: sometimes, if you try to take like, what will happen is it was just, and they weren't understanding right, I guess. But I'm gonna try it again, because, like what you're describing
Techstars San Francisco: could be to the wrong ears, hearsay
Techstars San Francisco: like you're claiming. That's a situation. But I'm not. Why do I believe you right, unless you give me a tangible example that I can then cast out to a larger group.
Techstars San Francisco: So like, what's the what's the actual like case study? Okay? So any enterprise sales team, they're gonna find ways to segment their their sales reps right? So that's how they would take their sales team, and they have their their North American markets, their India markets, their Latino markets right? And then underneath that they would have industry
Techstars San Francisco: right? And sometimes they even have some regional teams. And so let's say, there, we would take somebody from the growth team and switch them over to life sciences. That was like a pretty big one that we did where the growth team was like selling to. And also we took that entire team and made them life sciences. And none of those people have life sciences experience. Right? So we need to find out what those use cases were, and like what was driving them, that they would need to have like what were their regulations.
Techstars San Francisco: and then like, train them and support them.
Techstars San Francisco: So the the note that I'm taking right in the meeting as I'm listening to you and have this little like founder assessment thing I'm sending over to a team member. I'm like we need to find out. This founder has more of an example other than their own.
Techstars San Francisco: because all I've heard I tried to ask them 2 times. They didn't answer me the 3rd time, they finally answered, but they only had their own anecdote to share right? So what I would want, because I believe I think this problem is, Is- is bought in everybody I know mentors. You talk about what you're describing. They're like, yes, it's real. But I just want you to like nail it first.st
Techstars San Francisco: So I want you to have like a quiver of case studies. That's more than coupa for you to speak on. That's the only feedback I have. There.
Techstars San Francisco: You want the second one.
Techstars San Francisco: There's this term called scared of heights. Right? Start complaining that oh, this whole entire team is a bunch of like. They're all stuff. They're all scared of heights, right? And what that means is like
Techstars San Francisco: a sales rep. You'll give them a countless, and they'll spend all their time going after the small companies, or they'll go after like low level people that are titles like the analysts and stuff like that, instead of like the C-suite, because these people, they don't have the confidence to go after the big deals, for the confidence to reach out to the C-suite.
Techstars San Francisco: Right? So it's like, it's a confidence issue of like go after the big deals which would go reach out to those people that they're speaking. And what can you measure tangibly to reflect that? Because I think I know. But I want to know what you I mean. It's ultimately like what the average deal size is that they're going after. That's how you can measure it over the amount of like CC people that they're engaging with. If they're champions at a lower level, and the frequency of the engagement
Techstars San Francisco: right like like the the both. The time to close the action taken like well, those things would actually be negatively correlated. Because if it's if yeah, if you're going after big deals and you're going after the C-suite will be faster to close, because they have the budget buying authority. If you're going after small deals, that's also going to be smaller. So I wouldn't necessarily say, that's the one I think it's the average deal size is probably the better one.
Techstars San Francisco: But it's ultimately the. It's the average deal. Size is what they're going. After that they're scared heights for the average deal. Size goes up. Yeah. Yeah.
Techstars San Francisco: And then the seller confidence is really what they need, though, is they need to be armed with the knowledge and the resources and the actual words to use when selling to a Cfo. So that way, I mean, ultimately, it's if they are getting into the meetings with them. Then their their sales reps will tell you when they don't have the materials they need. That's going back to Number one. The problem number one for segments is, the sales team will be raising their hand, saying, I need more right? Because I'm not confident.
Techstars San Francisco: So that is your answer. The neat like the way we measure it is by the amount of information that the sales rep requests to prepare for the meeting.
Techstars San Francisco: No, then what do you. Then what is the answer? Because, like, I think you know, the way you're talking gives me confidence that you know what you're talking about, but it hasn't given me an answer. So how do we measure selling confidence?
Techstars San Francisco: Yes, okay, it would be based on how many people in the C-suite they're reaching out to, or how many people in the C-suite they're getting like meetings with.
Techstars San Francisco: That's how you. That's how you measure their confidence. That's where that's that scared heights thing comes into play is they won't go for the main with the C-suite. If they're scared of heights, they won't try even try to prospect into the big deals. If they're scared of heights, they're going to go after the small, easy ones.
Techstars San Francisco: right? If they're if they're not going to even try, they're shooting too low. Right? They're only they're only willing to jump into the 3 foot part of the pool, not the 10 foot. They're not going in the deep. They're not diving in. Yeah, they're stepping in. And you want them to. Yeah, okay.
Techstars San Francisco: all right, there's there's more I want to understand there. But the way that you talk about it. I don't know. It just gives me confidence. It's a very. It's a good like Vibe signal, but I think there's a level of like substance with the response that we can get to that. We're not there yet. But we'll close. Okay, that's great. Okay? I saw a few more hands. Yeah.
Techstars San Francisco: sure. Sorry I'm gonna stop you right there, you said. Help their students get internships and jobs. Yes, because if they don't, what
Techstars San Francisco: if they don't they want to stick?
Techstars San Francisco: It's get a job.
Techstars San Francisco: So if I don't like, okay, let's get super like mechanical here like this is what what institution is. This?
Techstars San Francisco: Is this a university, or is this something else?
Techstars San Francisco: So a college or university? And and how does it work in the nature of their business?
Techstars San Francisco: Right? So. So I guess what I'm trying to say is, I'm trying to like make the business case because
Techstars San Francisco: they're they're trying to make sure that their institution is above all right like that. That's the one that people want to go to. And they want more demand and more students to come there. They want a strong reputation. And the way that they do that is by showing we place our students into jobs and we get them internships
Techstars San Francisco: right? So there's a reputational risk. If we don't do that, if that doesn't continue to stay. So I want you to frame things, because at the end of the day they need to believe that you're gonna make them look better.
Techstars San Francisco: Right? Because if all of a sudden we have a decrease in our reputation, because students aren't getting placed in jobs because they go here.
Techstars San Francisco: That's a problem.
Techstars San Francisco: Right? So I I guess I'm I'm overriding what you said, because I want to be clear of speaking to the actual struggling moment and not just we help students get jobs and internships. Okay.
Techstars San Francisco: yeah, please. I don't know what I'm curious. Do. Career coaches get graded on how many students they place in jobs, and they have to
Techstars San Francisco: display it to the whole university and to the outside world. I know this because know, like, this is important. Yeah, very important. Oh, yeah, especially the business schools.
Techstars San Francisco: Yes, and at the end of the day, that's what matters right?
Techstars San Francisco: so that's 1 that you still have the school kind of thing, sure. But who's the buyer who says yes
Techstars San Francisco: to you? Who do you want to sell, talk to.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, direct
Techstars San Francisco: direct. I know, I'm just trying to understand. Okay, because because this is the next level of jobs, because it's not just the conceptual customer. It's the person, the specific situation that you want to target and secure 1st for your beach and market.
Techstars San Francisco: Right? So it's not just universities and higher institutions and colleges. It's the ones that are struggling with their placement rates for jobs and therefore experiencing issues on the front end of not getting enough students. So they're not meeting the demand that they need to to stay in market or stay in play, or to get donors, or whatever those struggling moments are for the university that would influence. I'm switching out my head of career services.
Techstars San Francisco: For this reason I'm hiring consultants and spending a shit ton of money outside of this. So whatever it is like, give me way. More nuance that you know exactly who your customer is, and you're not just categorically saying, Okay, hired colleges and universities. That's not a good answer.
Techstars San Francisco: and for that I need placement rates, high and high salary. Yes, that's important. And then you have the Carrier center director, or whatever which cares about placement rated on it, and they present it to the whole universities every year, and then, if they don't get a good job. That's the 2 factors.
Techstars San Francisco: and they remove how to say if I need to, that's my CEO. Right there.
Techstars San Francisco: that's 1. Another struggle is should be innovative and use AI, and that's 2 level as well. That's director level, which is like attraction. This is an attraction factor. Right? I'm I'm forward thinking. And so people are going to come to my screen because I'm you know, I'm into this AI vibe. And this is important. And then the second thing is data center directors. They get told.
Techstars San Francisco: what are you doing with AI? What's your strategy? Here? We're missing the boat. The whole board of directors are saying, guys, we need an AI solution. And they're like, Yeah, but like, what are we doing? And then you come in. Your initial responses are too humble, like, you know, I know you have this information. All I have to do is prod you, and then it comes out, and it's really good. But I think whenever you initially respond, it's always like, kind of like this, like, limp.
Techstars San Francisco: okay, response. But then, all of a sudden, it's like what we need. Okay?
Techstars San Francisco: And then there's a 3rd one which is specific to France or not. It's not in the Us.
Techstars San Francisco: There are specific types of school, a loss in France when the students get admitted into the school, and they only pay the school if they get a job.
Techstars San Francisco: So they they are working while being in school. If they don't get a job in the next 6 months to pay for the studies. Then they get out of the school, and they don't pay the school, and so, or the the problem is like conversion rates right? They need to compare all of the students that they attracted
Techstars San Francisco: to pay for the school.
Techstars San Francisco: How much of the market. Have you captured in France?
Techstars San Francisco: I mean one less than 100. Okay, I'm interested.
Techstars San Francisco: I'm trying. I'm trying to speak French right now. I like that. I like being what you kill schools. Isn't that interesting? Like, I'm not paying the school unless I get a job. From what you say, I'm gonna get a job by studying at your school.
Techstars San Francisco: So I mean, this is like ranking is not something that gives like directors like.
Techstars San Francisco: So quick by check. We have more time. But do you need like a 5min bio, break real quick, and then we'll keep this going. We have 2 questions left, and I have some things I want to say to wrap up.
Techstars San Francisco: Can I keep going?
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, take it's it's 3 o'clock. We'll start at 3 0, 5.
Techstars San Francisco: Next.
Techstars San Francisco: This is helpful. Yeah, you have me forever. Antoine Verona, how am I doing
Techstars San Francisco: this is? I've never done it this way before. So it was an experiment.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, it's just, you know. Get straight to the point.
Techstars San Francisco: Give me.
Techstars San Francisco: hey? I had like a breakthrough. I was like going through all the all the materials I've ever done with this. And I was like, wait a second. There's only 6 questions
Techstars San Francisco: like, How do I tell someone they get there like this is like the the the green belt, you know. How do I know? Use your green belt ceremony, you know.
Techstars San Francisco: So good
Techstars San Francisco: for fundraising? I know. Pattern recognition helps. I couldn't have done this 3 years ago. I've heard too much now, the same things to know how to respond. Yeah, I just question. So like, I think a lot of it's a lot of like direct competitors for things. But what about like indirect competitors?
Techstars San Francisco: So
Techstars San Francisco: it's like, sometimes it's say, for an example of Mcdonald's, like the direct competitors, Burger King. But what about? Like
Techstars San Francisco: their competitors? We also maybe like weight watchers, because technically, you've also competed some the same kind of the.
Techstars San Francisco: They don't have the same job, but if the they have a completely
Techstars San Francisco: so like they would, it would take away market from
Techstars San Francisco: well, you might remember I don't know you do. You saw Clay's milkshake?
Techstars San Francisco: Remember that. So you remember how he said, like the the milkshake itself, like the Burger King Milkshake was not the competitor for Mcdonald's. It was bananas bagels right like those things. So the competitive set is different. The one that Bob discovered that I thought was the most interesting, and he he did this while I was working with him. Is he figured out that
Techstars San Francisco: church.
Techstars San Francisco: So your faith is in competition with crossfit.
Techstars San Francisco: Hmm.
Techstars San Francisco: so like live. There was such a fact. And I know you're a crossfitter. Weird, weird? Yeah. Community. Think about it. Right? So so what am I doing? Sunday morning?
Techstars San Francisco: Right? So all of a sudden, people stop like church is like people are like the Christian Catholic faith struggling.
Techstars San Francisco: We're losing market share. We're literally not having, as many people show up for service. What do we do? Bob's Christian.
Techstars San Francisco: so he cares personal for him.
Techstars San Francisco: Crossfit, you know the Crossfit Company, you know about this. So what a fascinating
Techstars San Francisco: set of competition! Right? I'm hiring crossfit in
Techstars San Francisco: like church Sunday morning church for the same job.
Techstars San Francisco: It's shit like that all of a sudden, that so now you you can do a fitness club right? That's what this is so like. That's why I mean, it's not being recorded right like. That's why Bob's getting like
Techstars San Francisco: like that. 6 figure contracts for 10 weeks of work just to do this analysis
Techstars San Francisco: like we're talking a minute. 6 figures for 10 weeks of work is working with
Techstars San Francisco: not doing that yet, but, like my strategy was, that's brilliant. I wonder if early stage companies can actually figure it out? So what ends up happening is any companies that I work with?
Techstars San Francisco: Some of them succeed without knowing this as they get bigger, but eventually they need it anyway.
Techstars San Francisco: So they end up coming back and then paying people like Bob 100 grand to go figure it out because they plateaued in their growth. So you might get to that early phase of traction and get to the series a but all of a sudden, how do you get to the beat? How do you get bigger? How do you get from tending on arr to 50 and from 50 to 100. So the way that actually end up scaling is by applying these same strategies at scale.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, like, so like every like, I mean, you know I have. I don't know 160 founders now, including the 10 you 10. Here.
Techstars San Francisco: It's companies that are still around that have either raised capital or growing. I talk to them. I check in. They go. I go like what was the most helpful thing for me, for program
Techstars San Francisco: jobs can be done. You said it then, and I didn't listen. But now I realize how important it is like, I
Techstars San Francisco: I hear this all the time, so
Techstars San Francisco: it makes more sense when you have more customers to deal with and make and and figure out.
Techstars San Francisco: You thought it was very important the 1st time you're saying.
Techstars San Francisco: What's that? We thought it was really important the 1st time we said it.
Techstars San Francisco: I know. But like but but but think about like, compare you thought it was really important to your actual behavior.
Techstars San Francisco: because when I say, really no, and I'm not calling you out, I'm just saying like, it's literally like, if if I'm doing my job right, which I haven't yet right. I love your feedback. I agree with you.
Techstars San Francisco: It's almost like I was like force everyone to pause. All of their business operations like, apologize to your customers. Apologize to your stakeholders. We're going dark. You're going off into the woods with me.
Techstars San Francisco: and then you're literally just going to do these interviews until we come out with the insights, and then we'll come back and actually go to market like that's like that's the level of consideration I have right now. I literally told George a coffee this morning like Oh, I should just wake them up in the middle of their night, go into their homes and like, throw you all in a van and like run off, and then make sure that you'll come back until you're like
Techstars San Francisco: you've been unlocked and initiated, you know, like I'm crazy. I have these weird thoughts in my head when they get blue and they roll around like, I'm imagining
Techstars San Francisco: Jesus.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, we're almost done. I realize we didn't hear from the folks on Zoom.
Techstars San Francisco: So. Oh, and then and Vivianne and Chris, okay, Vivian, go ahead. Dealerships are in the business of making money. They want to make more money.
Techstars San Francisco: They need all their sales, people to sell more, so they hit their targets. They'll make more money. But when salespeople are doing their jobs properly they'll get the right data to get better.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, okay, all right. Money. Money. Money's not enough. Okay, I want to challenge this. I want to unpack it, because that's the easy answer for everyone. Right? That's what I hear most. Oh, they want to increase revenue right? That's true. But there's more the struggle isn't. We're not making enough money
Techstars San Francisco: right? I don't know like anybody been to a car dealership.
Techstars San Francisco: Do you want 2 people? Okay, I have
Techstars San Francisco: like, I've never done it. So I don't know anything about this. You know what? Teach me. Okay, what is the struggle
Techstars San Francisco: like that? They need to solve more than just more sales.
Techstars San Francisco: They need their.
Techstars San Francisco: They need their team to be more effective to do their jobs right?
Techstars San Francisco: Alright, so the person will ultimately send to us is GM, alright? So this GM,
Techstars San Francisco: what's their like? What is this is so hard with these car sales people. You're gonna replace them with your business. This is so dystopian. Sorry.
Techstars San Francisco: but we need to understand them well, for now, and we'll work on the bigger picture of the deal soon remind me the industry should adopt itself.
Techstars San Francisco: But the Pm.
Techstars San Francisco: Wants to keep their note.
Techstars San Francisco: He wants to roll their
Techstars San Francisco: like. Is it about more power? Is it just don't get fired? Or is there something in between
Techstars San Francisco: help us understand? Yeah, depends. They? Wanna
Techstars San Francisco: they're the top of the food chain. So they want to stay there. Yeah.
Techstars San Francisco: is that it? I don't know. Like, I don't like this, hey?
Techstars San Francisco: More status like they want. Yeah, like, more power, they want to recognize.
Techstars San Francisco: That's okay, because no. So so how does it like, how do we assess, when does the GM get fired.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, so there's a minimum bar that has to be hit. And that's that's table stakes. And then they're incentivized. Obviously to sell as much as possible, because the more they sell, the more they make
Techstars San Francisco: alright. Well.
Techstars San Francisco: feel back in the weeds on this one later, because I don't want to overthink it now, because it's car sales, and there is a world where that could be true. I just don't want to buy it like I'm not going to give up. I think there's more shaking his hand vigorously in the back.
Techstars San Francisco: Is that what y'all call it now? Oh, okay, sure.
Techstars San Francisco: Let's speak easy. Bro. There's a Disco
Techstars San Francisco: is do- do they care about actually like helping people?
Techstars San Francisco: Do they? Do they actually care about them liking like their salespeople, liking them because it makes them better.
Techstars San Francisco: Not like any part of it.
Techstars San Francisco: It sounds like our job is to end all of them. I don't know. I'm getting a sense of like.
Techstars San Francisco: Did you ever see the Shane Gillis clip where he's talking about used cars, salesmen? It's a really good clip. There's all these things getting better about the world. But the last bastion of like crap in the world is like car sales. You see this, I'm a social impact investor.
Techstars San Francisco: How do they get that call
Techstars San Francisco: car sales is still the last, like
Techstars San Francisco: the last, like purchase you can make where it's just
Techstars San Francisco: mayhem where it's just lying. It's just why is this the one thing, and like I go buy a shirt. It costs this much money. A TV is this much money? Why, when I go buy a fucking car. There's 10 dudes with goatees trying to lie to me. Goatees and bracelets and pinky rings. It makes no sense.
Techstars San Francisco: They all have gel hair in any dealership. Why does it look like a bunch of fat Chris chronels are trying to take advantage of you? It literally. It looks like a bowling team. They're all in polos and khakis, and they come out and just fib dude. I worked with these guys.
Techstars San Francisco: I like them. They're funny, but they literally will lie. They'll just go out and lie to people's faces all day. Start to finish. They wake up. They're like, Oh, man, it's work sucks. I gotta wake up early and then just go lie to a family about a van.
Techstars San Francisco: That is that I feel that
Techstars San Francisco: I understand. Yeah, yeah, I'm I'm just wondering, like, if car dealerships. If the GM. Of a car dealership is to buy cars from somewhere else, do they need to do that or not?
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah. Then there's quite a bit of a balance between how much they're spending on cars and how much they sell.
Techstars San Francisco: It's like a P. And L issue. It sounds like it's not just because they want to make more revenue, but like, if they don't, they lose money.
Techstars San Francisco: and they have, like unsold stock and unsold stock is like
Techstars San Francisco: in most industry, a massive issue.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah. But that comes down to selling more cars. Okay, it's just everyone wants to sell more. But they want to sell more, because otherwise they're left with a bunch of stuff. But that's what I said about like the making better decisions. If you don't, if you're ordering 120 trucks. You have no idea what to order, because you're not. I, personally, didn't get that point. I'm not sure about it.
Techstars San Francisco: I think my my head is going a little further, which I need to curb my enthusiasm out a lot. I'm excited about it, but like I guess what I'm trying to say is like, there's a future you need to paint the picture right? There's what you're doing now, helping dealerships sell more cars. But really, at the end of the day. There's a future
Techstars San Francisco: that's 19 pages. That's not.
Techstars San Francisco: You don't need to know how to get there. You just need to sell that you will.
Techstars San Francisco: That's it, like I I guess what I'm saying is out of everybody I've heard in this room. You've seen the most immediately fundable because of this, the raw potential of that weird future that we're trying to imagine right now. I was saying this to Chloe and George on the way here, walking like in Verona.
Techstars San Francisco: We're like, we're privileged in San Francisco that we have. This, like you all haven't talk to anybody in this a year about how the fact that there's a bunch of cars on the road, and no people driving them that you can get is that
Techstars San Francisco: it's wild to people people like you can't. But we're here. So we're now. We think like this. We see it every day. But everyone else in the world doesn't know that this is happening.
Techstars San Francisco: This is also true, for when
Techstars San Francisco: there was a service called Uber
Techstars San Francisco: that was originally only in San Francisco, and these weird people were giving you rides that you didn't know, and they weren't cabs, which was also weird.
Techstars San Francisco: So I guess what I'm saying is this car thing you're talking about is like there's what we do now. But there's this other version of it where all of us are. Gonna be like talking to some strange.
Techstars San Francisco: either robotic figure or deep face figure of someone like Robert Downey, Jr. Is gonna sell me my next car because he's gonna talk to me. He's gonna figure out what I really want and based on that conversation. I just bought the new Audi Tt. That they sold Iron Man in 2,008.
Techstars San Francisco: I don't know. Like there's there's versions of this that are gonna happen. But I don't wanna go off on my May ran yet, because we have more work to do to finish that talk we have, but
Techstars San Francisco: I'm excited about all of you, for many reasons.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay. Alright, my zoom equal. Let's do this.
Techstars San Francisco: Can you hear me, my zoom people? What struggle is the customer trying to solve.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: May. Maybe I can say a few words again here. So basically, we are dealing with.
Techstars San Francisco: More than a few words. Let's do this.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Okay? Sure. So we are dealing with different customer from different segments.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Basically, I would say, it's always a trade off between like quality and cost. When we go to like customers from aerospace industry, it's more about like quality. But when we go to like automotive manufacturer car manufacturer, it's more about like cost. So
Esmaeil Sadeghi: when we go to like service, providers like those who are like making parts for the others.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: they want to have more contracts and save money, and like deliver faster, and so like go to market, and also time to market should be like faster for them.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: But overall, as I said before, so manufacturing is complex by itself, so they want to get rid of like the complexity and also traceability. If there would be any source of errors during manufacturing. No one can 100% sure where is the source of failures.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: So traceability is always a big challenge and a struggle for the customers, and I mentioned before, like confidence to ensure that they would be like part like. Usually we are talking about like 2030 days of manufacturing, and if something happens like during the last
Esmaeil Sadeghi: few hours, everything would be gone. Basically. So the confidence to build successful part would be also a big issue. And at the end of the day. It's all about, I would say. To some extent it's about cost. So these are really the struggles manufacturing are facing.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: and we are hoping to solve this for them.
Techstars San Francisco: I believe you.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Thank you very much.
Techstars San Francisco: Hi Trina.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Oh, yeah. Okay.
Trina Das: Okay? So the problem that we are trying to solve is basically labs.
Techstars San Francisco: Hold on! Hold on! Sorry. I don't mean to cut you off. I just want to be super literal. I don't want you to talk about the problem that you're trying to solve. I want you to tell me the struggle that your customer is trying to solve.
Trina Das: Sure. Sorry. So biomedical labs doing diagnostic tests which are based on imaging are facing a huge problem of errors like they have a lot of false positives and missed detection specifically because radiologists miss on, like, you know, detecting nodules in lung X-rays or chest X-rays.
Trina Das: That's 1 of the problems that is costing them more than 4 billion dollars for all the diagnostic labs in the Us alone. So that's just one use case
Trina Das: the same with pathology, like, you know, problems. The test reading times are like, it takes up to 15 to 20min for the basic reading, which doesn't make sense because they have to do like 1 50 plus readings per day per radiologist. Then the cost of these readings by radiologist is super high, like 50 to $100 per reading, which also doesn't make sense for these labs because they are losing revenue on per, like, you know, time they're investing on getting a report read.
Trina Das: So these are the struggles that the labs are facing, and they are willing to invest into solving the cost, the reading times and the accuracy. And that's where AI is. The solution that they're looking for.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, that's solid. The 1st part of your answer is the one that I think needs the most unpacking. We don't have to do it right now live. But that 4 billion across the whole market. What's more compelling is one example that you share. That's very visceral and believable. And then you say the 4 billion.
Techstars San Francisco: But I need a real example. First, st that you get me educated on because most of the people hearing you describe this are, gonna be relatively unsophisticated or layman. So we're not gonna understand what you're talking about until you make it very practical and accessible.
Techstars San Francisco: But we'll we'll work on that together.
Trina Das: Sure. That's fine.
Techstars San Francisco: Chris, yeah, so I think the struggle is kind of.
Techstars San Francisco: yeah. I mean, I want to like correct myself in this conversation. I think the struggle is Fomo, that the industry, like they're like other Kyc companies, are adopting deepfakes, or they are building it in house for the ones that are not making it, or don't have access to it, are more in the industry.
Techstars San Francisco: So the-the struggle is to to keep up with the competition. I think like. So if we're talking
Techstars San Francisco: Fomo, that sounds like it's not a struggle. It's it sounds like an anxiety. Okay, so
Techstars San Francisco: is there a reason
Techstars San Francisco: why I am compelled to adopt deep fake technology as opposed to just feeling like I'm missing out
Techstars San Francisco: because the clients are asking for it. They're asking. No, they're not asking for it. They're demanding it, or are they just asking? They're not saying we'll pay for it. They're just saying we have defects, detection, and they're not saying, if you don't, then I'm not going to work with you. They're not saying, Okay, so where are the stakes? Higher
Techstars San Francisco: takes are higher because these Kyc companies. They think that
Techstars San Francisco: if these clients are asking us, they're asking others also. And if others say yes.
Techstars San Francisco: and eventually we will zone on the opportunity.
Techstars San Francisco: So it's like, can we get a seamless, safe, quick, deep fake integration, which is cheap?
Techstars San Francisco: Very, very, you know, easily they are not able to find it.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, I I so I I hear your answer makes sense. I'm just worried that it's not quite exciting or compelling, right? Like so so. But I believe I believe there's something here. What you've said so far sounds like true, but it just doesn't sound particularly exciting from a business standpoint. Yet.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, Andrew, I'm I'm spitballing, and maybe this is it the struggling moments when they're talking to a customer? And they think they have a chance to call the customer? And the customer asked, Do you have defect, detection? And they're they're afraid. In that moment they've lost the call.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah. But but let's let's just play it out a little bit right. This reminds me of when Smile said like, Oh, well, we're not that important, and like healthcare is more important, and our industry is not that significant? I'm like, oh, what what is it that you help manufacturing those airplanes?
Techstars San Francisco: And I'm like, Oh, that sounds pretty significant, so like for you. What happens when it goes wrong, and they don't use deep fake, and you don't have. If they don't use your own defend, what's the worst case? Scenario?
Techstars San Francisco: Worst cases they might end up losing their license.
Techstars San Francisco: Because because if there is a prop Kyc prop which is AI generated.
Techstars San Francisco: and what's an example of that happening.
Techstars San Francisco: It's just a
Techstars San Francisco: so it's more of a insurance than it is an actual legitimate concern. Okay, we got work to do. We got work to do. We got work to do. Yeah, it's a vitamin, not a painkiller. Right now. Okay, we'll figure it out. We'll figure it out.
Techstars San Francisco: Anyone else.
Techstars San Francisco: So yeah, we're spending too much time copying pasting records of all their work that they completed in the past month for different clients and translating them with a lot many different legal invoices, and they want to ensure that their clients are clear about what they're getting charged for. And without this they're risking their trust and reputation with their existing clients, which translate to less work from those existing clients potentially new client referrals from those existing clients, and wasting too much time on operating the firm rather than trying to make money.
Techstars San Francisco: You understand it, and it helps that you you are from it. And and that familiarity is powerful. So I think once you guys get off to the races with actually executing on this product like, that's just the the tip of the iceberg, because the way you talk about this is with clarity and confidence.
Techstars San Francisco: It's really good.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, I'm gonna give you both of the final 2 prompts together because we're tight on time. We had too much fun together. So just so, you know, I've never done it this way. I've I've always had things that I like kind of preach about for a while. This is
Techstars San Francisco: so, I was like, let's just do it live. So the last 2 questions are, what is holding them back from buying from you, and what is pushing or pulling them to your product? These are 2 different questions, what is holding them back from buying from you. We just talk about their struggle. Why aren't they buying from you if they're not yet? What? Where's the resistance? I asked. This is one of my gotcha questions to founders when I'm doing stuff.
Techstars San Francisco: When they say who I I tell them. Tell me about someone you tried to sell to. You said, No.
Techstars San Francisco: Tell me about a deal you lost
Techstars San Francisco: founders aren't used to getting asked that question straight. It's super important.
Techstars San Francisco: And then the next one is what is pushing or pulling into your product. Do you guys know what I'm trying to find out by asking you this?
Techstars San Francisco: What do you control of? What are your levers?
Techstars San Francisco: Right. What are the things you can do to activate them, to drive them towards? What can you do to pull them towards your better way of solution? This is a a conversion question with failed language.
Techstars San Francisco: So again, what is holding them back from buying from you.
Techstars San Francisco: and what is pushing or pulling them to your product. I'll put both of these on one side. Take 1min to write that down
Techstars San Francisco: human.
Techstars San Francisco: Is that like kind of all the questions they're asking? Or are there like the reasons why?
Techstars San Francisco: Asking, what are the forces of resistance?
Techstars San Francisco: I don't think we should.
Techstars San Francisco: There's people right now that you're trying to sell to that aren't saying yes. Why aren't they saying yes
Techstars San Francisco: all the time? So it seems that it's you know, holding them back a bit. But I'm not sure this is like, this is what I want you to write down.
Techstars San Francisco: Does everyone have this? You guys ready to go because we gotta do a speed run. So my my policy now is, get out of here in 2 and a half minutes. If you got an obligation or a call, or something important. Otherwise I'm in overtime. Cool.
Techstars San Francisco: I have until 4 o'clock. I have to have a meeting. I can't miss anymore. Alright. Who wants to start?
Techstars San Francisco: Go ahead. What's holding them back is existing relationships.
Techstars San Francisco: credibility as as a new entry into the market of new appraisal thoughts.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, that just came up pushing any questions, no pushing for pulling
Techstars San Francisco: our speed availability save time and money in the process.
Techstars San Francisco: And also we use technology platforms.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, so so my, this is a little bit of a a trick, right? Cause. What I'm kind of asking here is, what are you doing to get customers?
Techstars San Francisco: So tell me more about what you're gonna do to actually get them in?
Techstars San Francisco: They just show like you find people so like, tell me, the Channel strategy like actually walk me through the funnel like, we're starting from nothing, really, what do we do?
Techstars San Francisco: Randomly go outside? Or, yeah, and is it more cold than push? You would say, right now.
Techstars San Francisco: push is like you're reacting to a problem that they have. And you're there to like, swoop in and save the day. A pull is you're demonstrating an opportunity for something to be better, whereas otherwise they're kind of tolerating the the exist like the current existence.
Techstars San Francisco: it sounds like it's more, Poll.
Techstars San Francisco: They're they're used to the way.
Techstars San Francisco: realize that before I go, do anyone else sorry to cut you off. I just want to like, do the quick stoplight because I did put in some work to think about this. And I want to say where I think everyone is really quickly. You're the one missing from this.
Techstars San Francisco: So Brio Yellow means we got work to do like I want to help you guys know the line. I'm a little fuzzy on on where the next step is. It's not a code red. It's more like, we know that there's a lot more work to actually get to a point where we understand jobs and have applied it to the business properly.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, really, I felt familiar with you guys. We're almost there. So I almost made you green. But I did feel like you were using your valid instincts to like color the data more than like the sophisticated analysis that I'd like to get to. You know what sophisticated analysis looks like, because you saw Vivian's presentation right? I want you guys to get there.
Techstars San Francisco: Legalese. We know we need to do so. You're only yellow, because, like, we gotta do the work.
Techstars San Francisco: But like I'm in like, I think what you got I feel good about. So I don't want yellow doesn't mean bad. It just means like we gotta keep finishing the work before we can call in sales play. You were pretty much green, but I wanted to put you yellow. It was like a debate in my mind. And with the team, too, because, like, we were basically like, Chartreuse is the color in between the 2, because I just wanna look at the work and make sure I've done everything I can to squeeze out the full value from it before you move on
Techstars San Francisco: like you kinda know too much. You know what I like that. I'll give you the green if you want to be green, but I'm making you yellow because
Techstars San Francisco: the yellows are like deserve
Techstars San Francisco: more of my time right now you know what I mean. So I just wanted to give that to you. If you wanted. Harvest is green.
Techstars San Francisco: I think you guys owned up to what you learned, and you have a very clear strategy. What you're gonna do next. I felt good about that.
Techstars San Francisco: Exhorty is green.
Techstars San Francisco: May is brightly
Techstars San Francisco: neural. Defend is red. I think we have to go back to the drawing board to make sure that we're on the same page with what you're doing with this. If it's something you want to apply, it's not required. I think it's going to help you a ton. I think we're going to actually get you. Your 1st customers if we apply it properly. Trends, I think, is red. I think what you presented. Trina was very hard to understand, like it was almost difficult for Jake and I to even process what you were saying, and it felt more like a pitch, and less like an understanding of the job to be done.
Techstars San Francisco: So none of this is judgment. This is all opportunity to like help. You grow. And I just wanted all 10 of you to know where you stood with how I thought about this.
Techstars San Francisco: this, this technique and framework that I think is gonna help all be understand your customer.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, optifab, we'll do a 1 on one and figure out where I think you stand.
Techstars San Francisco: But my goal for all of you is by the end of this program. You're green. If you want, you don't have to be, you can be successful without doing anything with this information.
Techstars San Francisco: But I think you're gonna be more successful and a lot happier if we all get to green on this
Techstars San Francisco: sales place already late. Alright! Cool. Who else wants to go?
Techstars San Francisco: What's holding them back is
Techstars San Francisco: trust is a big part. So we're still right to be young, and for producers to be like. You know what fine I'll give you my trust. Your network that you say is better.
Techstars San Francisco: There's a big bit. Then there's ego to it. Producers. They're still artists, and they are like they they don't like. They feel like they're the best. And so saying that we have a network of the best people, there's an ego to it. And then there's also work safety.
Techstars San Francisco: Because if we're hiring, if they're using us to find other people to kind of do their job at scale. They're like, Oh, if I use them, does it put my job at risk? Okay, because I have to justify to my manager that we use them, and it was all very efficient. Am I still involved? So it's a combination of those things. But if it's like, Tell me if I'm just wrong in asking this, is there a linchpin or a silver bullet like, if you chose one of those to say, if I just remove this.
Techstars San Francisco: I'm converting most of the rest of who's in my pipeline that's resistant trust trust. Okay? So let's unpack. Trust one layer deeper when you say they don't trust you.
Techstars San Francisco: What is the thing that if you could guarantee they would. It's they're like they'll hang around the same place and like know each other. So the more just kind of brought into the next part. The more we cite the customers, the other agencies that we get and cite names of like bigger producers that use us.
Techstars San Francisco: Oh, Greg, lotus from Eml! They use them. I'll use them, too, because he trusts it's a bit like, I guess, with investors like a big Vc investment. I don't do due diligence. Well, was it in this group, or somewhere else, where we talked about how, like
Techstars San Francisco: most Vcs are actually not even that good to due diligence, and said, most of us are better at following on and participating in other people's rounds
Techstars San Francisco: like, that's absolutely true.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, I got it, and then the push and bolt. Well, that's 1 of them. Sometimes. It's like.
Techstars San Francisco: you know, timing is a big thing, because I gotta have the right project that we get in the right time.
Techstars San Francisco: So one thing I do is I just find
Techstars San Francisco: these producers, and then I stay in touch with them monthly through the exordance. They always know that we're there. Don't forget about when it's the right time they jump in.
Techstars San Francisco: and then the other part is again.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, got it. So you basically like, Hey, the people at the top of the class here are using this. And if you're not, you're missing out.
Techstars San Francisco: Do you have any evidence of that like actually being the case. Yes, we started working with vml, it's like a big advertising agency.
Techstars San Francisco: And the executive producer for Greg Lotus. He's like quite a famous guy.
Techstars San Francisco: So if we name drop Greg loads left.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay?
Techstars San Francisco: May be testing different like outreaches like, Oh, we work with these agencies. I'm like, Okay, well, who's the producer within each agency? And I start listing them out, change the name the different producers like, if this is multiple producers.
Techstars San Francisco: They convert because you're seeing them them change in live conversation. Or this is still just through outbound. Okay, okay, okay.
Techstars San Francisco: a B test is something interesting. I have a quick side far to share with you guys, because I had a call with Bob this weekend last weekend when we talked about this a little bit.
Techstars San Francisco: he told me that a B tests are breaking meaning like people and companies are trying to use a B tests.
Techstars San Francisco: You guys want to guess why 80 tests are broken right? Now.
Techstars San Francisco: yeah, yeah, so what's happening is like, we used to like, try to run these experiments on websites to see how humans would interact when they go. They do because AI is crawling more websites. Right now, companies are struggling
Techstars San Francisco: with actually applying that methodology to make sense.
Techstars San Francisco: especially at homes, because they're scrolling.
Techstars San Francisco: But but that's but that's real. So it's interesting. So I guess I only want to share the anecdote. Say, like times are changing like the use cases. And the way we interact with the web, the conventions of methodologies of what to do is shifting right now. So I don't have all the answers here, but you all will.
Techstars San Francisco: because you're actually testing out the validity of your products in market. I think that's what SEO is SEO. Again, it's like a website or quote or a website.
Techstars San Francisco: But if you're talking, it's not just se.
Techstars San Francisco: it's actual product testing. It's actually like like companies have to make big bets on what they're going to do or not do right next. But if I'm like reaching out to people
Techstars San Francisco: email, but are you actually reaching out to people?
Techstars San Francisco: Is that a person on the Internet like.
Techstars San Francisco: or is that person outsourcing that job to someone? No, that's what I'm I'm telling you. That's literally the conversation.
Techstars San Francisco: That's what's happening. I'm gonna go to the point of calling them. And if I call them
Techstars San Francisco: oh, guys, now, yep, let's go.
Techstars San Francisco: I'm cool with it. You got me. I got it. You understand my point. I can't win all right. Who wants to go next?
Techstars San Francisco: That's that's is that number one.
Techstars San Francisco: I think it looks like
Techstars San Francisco: my instincts immediately. Tell me not to believe that I don't like. Let's talk through it. Okay, so you're telling me that the the struggle, what's holding them back?
Techstars San Francisco: I could be wrong. I'm just being honest with you, with my initial reaction, right? My initial reaction. You say that it's like, I understand, that's important because they want students to use it is that the number one thing that they're gonna use to drive the decision about it.
Techstars San Francisco: One of them, yeah, that's different.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay? One of the other reasons budget supplies is this, gonna replace me.
Techstars San Francisco: And for privacy concerns. And the last one is too many people.
Techstars San Francisco: So are you telling me out of all those 4 like they actually believe that it's gonna be effective like that's already good to go. They believe it's going to work
Techstars San Francisco: like they believe you're gonna deliver on your promise.
Techstars San Francisco: because that's the thing I didn't hear out of all the 4 you just mentioned.
Techstars San Francisco: Like, wouldn't I struggle to say yes to this? Because I'm concerned about the actual output?
Techstars San Francisco: I don't know. I'm I'm just using my logic. You've done the work
Techstars San Francisco: like, what's the point you talk? We just earlier, we talked about what the point of this was, right?
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, maybe they don't see the
Techstars San Francisco: yeah. So I guess what I'm trying to say, Alex, is that if, instead, this is like.
Techstars San Francisco: if I can commit to you university that your placement rate will go up by the end of this year if you use my software, and I won't actually charge you until that happens, or I'll give you your money back. If that doesn't happen, we have an agreement
Techstars San Francisco: right? Okay? Got it. So that's good. So you laid out all the other things that can hold them back. But I guess when it comes, the initial conversion seems to be is, are you gonna do the work like the main job? I need you to do.
Techstars San Francisco: because we're not even gonna have a conversation unless I believe that.
Techstars San Francisco: But I think it's
Techstars San Francisco: I think you should leave with that. That's my point. My only feedback to you is like again, you get straight to like the the details on, for does the same thing where you kind of. Lay out some of the layers in. But you're you're in a room of friendliness like we know your business, and we know you and I want you to get better at reminding everyone of the context. Set the stage and then give us the evidence.
Techstars San Francisco: Your face is telling me you're not sure what I I thought it was exact opposite feedback that you gave me from audio
Techstars San Francisco: makes the video makes sense here.
Techstars San Francisco: What do you mean? I mean for the other
Techstars San Francisco: for questions, and so we like go deeper into it.
Techstars San Francisco: Yes, and and you know. So again, I'm not telling you not to say what you said. I'm just saying this. The 1st
Techstars San Francisco: the struggle is going to be. Will you do it?
Techstars San Francisco: And then it's all these other things that can also be resistant factors, but like don't take for granted that they still want to make sure that they believe that what matters to them most for why, they would say yes or no to software needs to be. Yeah, because I think that's not something that.
Techstars San Francisco: So you're saying what you're hearing right? And then I'm inserting the big idea. But that's not what you're hearing from them. That's great. Okay? So I say that to say I could be wrong. Right? So if I say, like, I'm I'm literally
Techstars San Francisco: having plus 3% in your placement rates. I'm telling you.
Techstars San Francisco: yeah, probably move way faster than what they're doing right now. That just needs to be true in order for you to do it. That's more on the on the forward looking sales opportunity and less on the resisting, struggling moment.
Techstars San Francisco: I totally get it. That's helpful. So I say these things, not because I'm right, because they're thoughts that I have, and I'm reacting. I was thinking about all the things that they're actually telling me. And that's perfect. You're right, like, so I agree with you. Just so, you know, like you're right. But for you guys, I'm still gonna like, tell you, because, like
Techstars San Francisco: as the imperfect investor, sometimes we'll run with that thought without checking right? And I'll go have that conversation with someone else and decide whether Rio is good or not.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, cool. So I understand. Thanks. That's good
Techstars San Francisco: pushing or holding them to your products. I think the big push is back. So so the students watching these things, they're like really into it.
Techstars San Francisco: So they get great feedback from students, which it helped me a lot. The questions were the actual questions that I got during the interview, and I realized I missed the whole part of things that I should have done that happened during the interview.
Techstars San Francisco: So like it actually helped me get the job, because without it, so that and like, they're like, this is so cool. They're like enthusiastic about it. That's 1 thing.
Techstars San Francisco: Another thing is energy. And being there, what I usually do like. Okay, let's see to get like, you know. Okay, we're talking about this. You want students to see it. So I'm going there. There's like 3, 4 students, we are. I'm I'm talking to them. And then like, try it now. And the the person making the decision is in the room seeing the students do it, and then the students give the live feedback, and that's what wins them over.
Techstars San Francisco: So like energy like, I have somebody being there. And the students 24, 7. Availability is- is what and
Techstars San Francisco: And the last thing is, students complain.
Techstars San Francisco: So prices of school, of university schools is going up are more and more demanding. Yes, that's a push. Okay, got it.
Techstars San Francisco: And when you say they're complaining and more demanding, what's at stake.
Techstars San Francisco: I'm gonna transfer schools. I'm not gonna commit to coming to this school. What? What is the repercussion?
Techstars San Francisco: What power do the students have?
Techstars San Francisco: I think there's like a reputation risk because they they talk so. The the people of the school. They they, the students, talk to each other
Techstars San Francisco: so like prospective students and stuff like that. But they I don't think they can go out of the school, trying to figure out how this manifests, because there's a concern of the reputation. But I'm trying to understand in actuality what the repercussions are.
Techstars San Francisco: I'm trying. I have an example in mind like Ndas from Hc. I'm talking to them. And they're like guys. We're paying so much money, and we're not getting prepped for interviews. And this is this sucks. And they are writing emails to like, what are you guys doing? We are like manifesting actual thing. But the repercussions is.
Techstars San Francisco: I'm struggling to see the actual. Yes, yeah. So I don't know. Like, when I gave my founder story in Tahoe, did I tell you about the city that I started at Northwestern.
Techstars San Francisco: So I started the largest business student organization in Northwestern. Still around to this day, 15, not almost 20 years later. It's called the Institute for Student Business Education, and the reason I started it was because when I got on campus I wanted to be a consultant or investment banker. And what I learned is that all you can study in Northwestern? That's business related was economics
Techstars San Francisco: that doesn't help placing into those jobs. What ended up happening was, I brought Bcg. Goldman ubs all these other firms, Mckenzie back to campus because they stopped recruiting there because they weren't getting the kind of candidates that they wanted, and all of a sudden I made over a hundred $1,000 in sponsorship from these firms, because I was literally bringing, like them on campus to recruit just the students in my. So I say all that to say, like, I remember going to war with career services. Not like me.
Techstars San Francisco: Because I was basically making them look bad because my student was doing a better job of getting recruiters on campus than what they were doing at the university. So anyway, there's more I can talk about with the story. But like I totally get it.
Techstars San Francisco: Huge opportunity.
Techstars San Francisco: Great. All right. What's next? Chris?
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah. Holding them back. Well, for right now it's like we just don't have a product
Techstars San Francisco: assuming that's not the case. Oh, oh, so you don't have to have a product yourself.
Techstars San Francisco: What would Mert say? Oh, just sell the idea.
Techstars San Francisco: I told you guys yesterday, right? So like you can. Has anyone sold something before you built it.
Techstars San Francisco: You got 4 case 5 case studies in the room. Bro.
Techstars San Francisco: let's go, are you? Are you scared? No. So have you tried to sell or no?
Techstars San Francisco: Do you guys think you should? Yes, majority rules. It'd be onboarding all their existing time matter details. So, being able to pull that information and not integrating with not integrating with their existing solutions. So if they have an accounting tool, they use or payments tool
Techstars San Francisco: use, or if they're using, not being able to get integrated there and then from a more marketing standpoint, social proof or word of mouth recommendations from other companies like
Techstars San Francisco: just like. But that can be ramped after you start building trust?
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah. So that's like the main things holding back when we go back.
Techstars San Francisco: What's pushing and pulling them to our product would be handheld customer support for the very beginning, because we're going to be there on the grounds with them, customer color customization for their existing workflow for contracting. So we're not gonna have to change what they're doing, but adopt kind of like, create a solution that works with their existing workflow and then solving legal invoicing problems that are currently being worked on. So like an example that is like a law firm, like a current like fractional DC, with probably many different emails for each of the clients they're working for.
Techstars San Francisco: So it's like being able to adopt that kind of like system that no one. Nothing exists right now. So that's another one, and finally allowing them to pay for a job that they really done, if nothing more. So it's like there's this big gap that we see with like practice management solutions and then invoicing.
Techstars San Francisco: yeah, it's almost like they're offering too much. And I don't. This is what I need. And they said, you're trying to get to buy all of this, and I don't need all of this. I just need this
Techstars San Francisco: good again. Clear.
Techstars San Francisco: Who else?
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah. Awesome.
Techstars San Francisco: Why, A. R. What's holding back?
Techstars San Francisco: They don't fair enough. They think they're doing good enough. They just don't value right now. They don't wanna spend more money.
Techstars San Francisco: and we have the same service pool that change.
Techstars San Francisco: That's good.
Techstars San Francisco: 55.
Techstars San Francisco: They have 5 people. They're fine with 5
Techstars San Francisco: based on 4 years. Is that
Techstars San Francisco: someone hire more people. They barely even have technology.
Techstars San Francisco: So what like to fire under people in that situation like like? Because that doesn't sound like a great starting customer. Right? That's like, when they adopted right, they'll they'll join the party at the end.
Techstars San Francisco: Who's in the beginning
Techstars San Francisco: with the fires under them. What situation is someone in when they you introduce yourself, or what you do, and it's a shut up and take my money home like you have me at my loan.
Techstars San Francisco: What situation is someone in where it's like? You don't even have to try to sell. You just need to show up and it's sold.
Techstars San Francisco: No, I'm saying, what situation is someone in that fits that profile?
Techstars San Francisco: But so the late adopters, you told me, are like apathetic, and they're kind of like 40 years. Who's in the opposite situation, where it's like.
Techstars San Francisco: if you show up, there's no hesitation to tear it up. Live what the situation that they're in.
Techstars San Francisco: You said that they're young. No, no, it's a i i guess. What I'm trying to say is like there's a version of a customer profile for you.
Techstars San Francisco: That's so on point that if you just had a list of people, if you just did a road show for the next, you skip the rest of techstars. The next 2 months. Instead, you just went to every dealership that was in the situation. You would sell them 100% of the time. Yeah, with that
Techstars San Francisco: they're actively hiring another sales team because they fired the previous sales team. So what? Oh, so we. So there's 2 categories. There's either I'm cycling out my sales team because they didn't do their job. And I'm fine, more than one person or multiple people. And it's another group of we're selling like gangbusters.
Techstars San Francisco: We have more demand is outweighing supply. We have to scramble and get more people on our team
Techstars San Francisco: like the the second one seems less compelling than the 1st one.
Techstars San Francisco: because there's they can sell with or without you to each phone.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, alright, I just yeah. I just wanted to understand that because what I'm trying to understand is like, who's the like, you know, everyone uses the phrase Icp, right? But like, is it? You really know it like? And how well do you know it? And how well can you actually get to?
Techstars San Francisco: Yep, alright. Well, yeah.
Techstars San Francisco: I think there are a couple of things. 1st is just simple. It's a numbers game. I don't think we've spoken to the optimum number of people for for us to say that you know.
Techstars San Francisco: That they they will say yes to us.
Techstars San Francisco: I don't think it's a numbers game.
Techstars San Francisco: What makes you think it's the numbers?
Techstars San Francisco: Because, to understand the exact bottleneck.
Techstars San Francisco: we need to at least get a number of
Techstars San Francisco: people to to understand if actually, everything is right with our product? Or
Techstars San Francisco: is the market ready for this?
Techstars San Francisco: because we have spoken to 5 or 6 they are. We are in contracting phase with all of them.
Techstars San Francisco: but things are moving slow.
Techstars San Francisco: So let's say, if I, if I speak to more internally. Somebody starts paying me then, only I realize this person paid me because
Techstars San Francisco: he wanted all these things like all the bullet points, and I checked off all the bullet points, and that's why he purchased from me, and then I'll be able to go back to the ones that are stuck in the pipeline and give give them what I don't have right now.
Techstars San Francisco: I will work with you to unpack those interviews, because it sounds like what you did in the interviews was good, but the processing of the data afterwards became too generalized too soon.
Techstars San Francisco: I think there's very specific nuanced insights that you probably uncover that we just haven't figured out yet, because we may have over indexed on utilization of AI with the notebook. Lm, that you use to like summarize the data before we could actually unpack the nuances in each of the individual response.
Techstars San Francisco: So this is a different job. But we'll we'll I'll work with you directly on. You're open to it.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay? Okay? Cause I feel like there's something missing here, and it's not just a matter of
Techstars San Francisco: I don't think it's about
Techstars San Francisco: more numbers. First, st I think it's about making sure that we've asked the right questions, and we
Techstars San Francisco: interpreted the responses properly.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, I mean, I know the nuances also, but I know that they are not such important like, I know they want compliance certifications. They want sock to
Techstars San Francisco: the apt. These things before they see that we are mature players in cyber security. That is number one. Number 2 is they are looking for a very mature pricing, if you don't have.
Techstars San Francisco: They're also looking at our experience. I have never sold cyber security products. I don't have that experience today. It's kind of a doubt, because it's a very sensitive domain. So yeah, all these things are there which are kind of creating friction for them.
Techstars San Francisco: But these things, can we?
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, I I look. I hear you. I guess I'm just trying to say like, we don't have customers yet for no different right? So when you say that you know the nuances. But you don't have any customers.
Techstars San Francisco: My ask is that you suspend your belief that you know these things and instead go. Maybe there's something I don't know about this, and maybe there's other people who can help you figure it out, because I don't have any customers yet. Right? That's the raw fact. And like all of us in this room and everyone around here that wants to help this group succeed. They want you to have customers. So if they're saying things that you either don't agree with that. You feel like it's incomplete or like not there.
Techstars San Francisco: No, like I feel like I can help. So let's- let's do it. Let's like, let's get you a customer.
Techstars San Francisco: And I'm what I'm claiming. And I could be wrong is that there's something in the data you've already collected that you haven't quite interpreted in a way that helps you get that 1st customer.
Techstars San Francisco: So let's look at the data together. Find out.
Techstars San Francisco: That's my opinion.
Techstars San Francisco: Let's see, I don't. I had some final stuff, but I think we're at time.
Techstars San Francisco: so I guess what I'll just say is like.
Techstars San Francisco: I hope that this little journey of ours of
Techstars San Francisco: 7 weeks of jobs to be done. It's been 7 weeks since we've all 1st met zoom
Techstars San Francisco: right. We all had that zoom call. And then later that week, I did my 1st job to be on top where we talked about Milky Way and snickers and milkshakes, and then, now 7 weeks in. I think you guys like
Techstars San Francisco: get it at least enough to move on to the next step.
Techstars San Francisco: Alright. So it's not about demographics.
Techstars San Francisco: I still hear somebody use this term persona. That's not a part of it, either. It's not a persona either. Okay, and it doesn't belong to your company. The job to be done is not something that your company owns.
Techstars San Francisco: It is a need of a person within a situation, in a struggling moment that leads up to a larger market.
Techstars San Francisco: So given that
Techstars San Francisco: I hope that this has helped you to reframe your thinking in your company and its DNA culturally to focus on demand side.
Techstars San Francisco: while also still understanding and balancing the importance of supply side, which is what the rest of this program is going to be about until we move into getting you all capitalized by investors.
Techstars San Francisco: But that's my my Jtbd take I have ranks that I'm working with Bob on to actually determine what level people are at in their understanding of jobs to be done. I'm using martial arts as the frame of reference. I would say that I don't know who whoever's done martial arts. But you guys are probably between yellow, orange, and green belts.
Techstars San Francisco: and there's 10 levels. And then at the 10th level of Black Belt. There's 10 more levels there, but we're at the green, the yellow orange ish
Techstars San Francisco: ranking here.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, thanks for humoring my madness. But that was fun. So I'll see you.
Techstars San Francisco: who do I see you guys, what's next?
Techstars San Francisco: Pickleball at 4, 30min. Okay, that's crazy. So we're done for in person. This is it. I'm bringing it home. Tomorrow's off. Okay? So I guess my other ask of everyone is
Techstars San Francisco: If you haven't the only person who has scheduled a mentor. Madness, reflection. Sit down with me, is Vivian.
Techstars San Francisco: I want on the base camp thing, but like there's not a link to it on the calendar, book it with you in person, like in Boxer, like how we book it, how we secure and getting.
Techstars San Francisco: I believe that when I sent the Boxer on Monday, saying, Hey, guys, I know it's due on Friday, but if you want, I'm willing to meet with you anytime before then, as soon as you're done. Let's book some time.
Techstars San Francisco: It's just Vivian. How did you do it?
Techstars San Francisco: She figured it out. It doesn't matter. Bro. Like, if you want to meet with me. I will meet with. I know, I know, because we've got other things that yeah. But but all I'm saying is like, like at the end of the program I like. I give out my calendar. I don't do it during program, and the reason being is that
Techstars San Francisco: the default should not be just booking time with me. The default needs to be the resistance of like figuring out what information needs to be shared, and when and then, once we get over that. Then people put time whenever they want, because now we know how to work together. So book time with me, as you see.
Techstars San Francisco: Cool, good stuff. Thank you, guys.
Techstars San Francisco: I don't have anything else to give you. But you got well right here.
Techstars San Francisco: I'm just jumping into a meeting, not going anywhere. I'm here.